Bless you and your family Steve. I never met you but I somehow feel I've lost a friend and Can't help but feel saddened by your passing.
The world have lost an angel and the heaven has won a visionary: Steve Jobs, a man who changed the world and made the life better for all in this time.  My true condolences to his family and closest friends.
We saved hard and bought our 1st Apple II when they came into the UK, as designers we knew personal computing was the way to go and Apple was the machine that made us go Wow!   Since then I have used an Apple product every day. For many years I had to endure other machines at work but coming home was always good because my latest Apple was there.   My Son is 24 years old, as an infant he learnt to stand by operating an Apple IIe with a joystick. He has never looked back and now has a career as a software engineer coding on Macs and on these he strives to always write the most elegant code.  I am grateful that I shall enjoy these retirement years of my life with Apple products keeping me online, informed and entertained. The Wow! has never ceased.  For the past 30 years and the years to come,   I Thank You, Steve Jobs.  My condolences to The Jobs Family and all Apple Company members.
Steve offered the world new ways of being human together. A remarkable life. Truly.   The apple website tonight says it all.  Thank you.
A truly genius mind was silenced today, his innovations will live on   to inspire generations of thinkers well beyond our current time. Steve   will be missed for what he has contributed to our generation, but he   will surely never be forgotten. R.I.P
Just gonna miss him.
I understand the loss of seeing someone you love and admire lose their strength, both mentally and physically. My heart goes out to Steve's family, both personal and company.  My Father passed away on June 17, 2011 from Cancer. When I last spoke with my Father, took images, video and audio of him, it was with an iPhone 3GS. We were estranged for so long and the Flip camera I used last year to get video of him stopped working as soon as I got home. I still haven't seen that footage but Apple made it possible for me to see him today and every day.  People talk about how he made gadgets sleek and beautiful. For me, it was the integration which changed my life. His innovation empowered users.  Thank you.
Rip Steve thank you for all the innovations
Thank you Steve for everything you did! You will always be remembered.  Alex
Condolences to Job's familiy and colleagues.  You made my life so much easier.
Truly a remarkable human being. A sad loss at such a young age.
Hello:           Maybe you don't know me, but Mr Jobs really is the world made a contribution. He has changed our lives, changing our world, only this and offer our profound condolences, open a webpage, heard the news like a bolt from the blue. Have a safe trip home.
There are very few people in the world that nearly all of us would agree that our lives are better because that person lived at the same time as we have.  Steve Jobs is in fact the only one I can think of.  I am very thankful to have been able to be along for the ride.  Rest well, Steve.  My condolences to his family, and to all of those affiliated with Apple who are feeling this loss.
Thank you, Steve.  Thank you for everything you have done in the computer, music, and tablet industries.  Thank you for being a great person who was very determined in your work and who was a great role model for many people.   I know how hard this is to go through because my dad had some of the same i llnesses that you had and at one point looked exactly like you.  I pray for you and your family, and hope that you know you were loved and now missed.  Rest in peace Steve, I know you are in a better place now.
My first association with a computer was in High School in 1985, programming BASIC for Apple.  For many of us Steve was there from the beginning of our personal tech revolution.  For many of us, Steve was the Gold Standard.  For most of us Apple remains the Gold Standard.
We are merely users and big fans of anything Apple. His memory will live on.  With heart and prayers.
Steve Jobs' entire life and legacy is so inspirational to me, as I'm sure it is to millions. His story is incredible and it makes me want to be better at my own endeavors. He was amazing. The world has lost someone truly irreplaceable, but more importantly, his family has. My most positive thoughts and condolences are with the Jobs' family.
RIP Steve Jobs. You were an inspiration to all of us. Apple would not have gone this far without you. I remember getting my first IPod Nano and thought it was the coolest thing ever. Then I got the I touch and next year when my contract ends I'm getting the I Phone. Let's just say I have become an apple addict. Let us have your legacy carry on. I wish I could have known you as a person not the guy that made my IPodbetter but I will always remember you for the help you gave into the world.
There have been in history few people , that truly changed the world,  in a more creative , intelligent, positive and peaceful manner. May  our continued support, of his genius continue to change the world for the positive. Thanks Steve,   You will be missed by so many.
Thank you Steve for all the memorable moments you have given me!  Will never forget you!  RIP
Steve,  Thank you for the inspiration you have been to all of us. To never settle for what we know, and to challenge ourselves with new ideas. I am an IT professional, and you single handedly changed my entire life. If it was not for you, and a few other visionaries, I would not be in the profession I am today. Thank you for everything you did, and never settling for anything but the best. I still to this day do not use your Macintosh computers, but must admit that they are the most polished and innovative computers in the world. Today I am typing on this wonderful device called an iPad 2, and I use every product you make outside of Macintosh computers. That was your vision though wasn't it? To build a mobile world, and change conventional computing as we know it. Thank you Steve Jobs; you will truly be missed by us all!
Mr. Jobs you have left the world a better place with your many  contributions, and the world is indebted to you Sir.  Thank you for having the courage to follow your vision and the strength  to change the world not once, but many times.  May you enjoy the afterlife you so richly deserve.  My thoughts and prayers are with the Jobs family, friends and Apple.
Your name will forever be associated with this decade, whenever people  look back at what shaped this millennia. You will always be loved by the millions who hold their Apple products  everyday as extensions to their selves and personalities, and through  which you'll live on.  Thank you Steve. You will be remembered.
When Mr. Jobs stepped down from the CEO position at Apple a short time   ago, I happily read in the many articles about his life and legacy   that his was not a path of a virtuoso academic, but the path of an   artist. I saw in his life a light to guide my own, as I am in a   similar place to where he once was. I am freshly 26 years old and have   spent time traveling and learning and have not yet found my place, but   have known that my place is not in the Ivy League or the cubicle. I   hear Steve's words: Follow Your Heart. Find What You Want to Do. You   Are Already Naked, Don't Be Afraid. I am truly moved by these thoughts   and by Steve's manifestation of these words. They were not just   distant philosophy, they were practicable and accomplishable. I am not   afraid to seek out and build my own destiny. I am more strongly   focused and more sure of my path and my future triumph. And I thank   Steve Jobs for this.
Well. Its very sad to know that the person that was a co creator of all these new technology has just passed. I thank him for his creative and genius ideas. Thank you Steve Jobs
Although I rarely used your products, I know you changed my world more than I can imagine.
Steve Jobs has always been the man I looked up to all my life, he is the  one man that i admired the most, he is the one man i want to be when I  grow up. And when I heard of his death today I was left breathless. But  what he has done for the world will always remain with us, he has truly  revolutionized the world. May he rest in peace.
This is devastating. I can't wrap my head around the news. A true genius has been lost. A man that literally changed the world. I'm sure Apple will continue to be a great company but the world will never be the same...very sad.  My best to all of Steve's family, friends and Apple and my sincerest condolences.
Dear Apple crew, I'd just like to humbly say and let you know that I'm deeply moved to express my most sincere acknowledgement of such a creative and brilliant capacity to understand human life both in the late twentieth and the twenty-first centuries. Steve's 15-minute speech at Stanford University in 2005 is just a token of [someone having] an amazingly thorough, crystal-clear and profound insight into the vicissitudes of human life.  A huge "Thank-you", Steve, for showing us how to "think different" and "connect the dots by looking backward, not forward". Steve's iconic image will definitively glow and linger "to the Infinity and beyond..." We'll miss you unmeasurably, Steve.
What an incredible visionary. Only Steve Jobs could make me  wait for   the latest and greatest product. I'm not one to wait, but I knew the   wait would be more than worth it. I pray God will comfort his family in their time of deep sorrow.
It's very sad news to hear that Steve Jobs has passed away, he was really a great man, a real visionaire and I'm sure a caring husband and father. He has made what Apple is today and definitely left his fingerprint on all Apple products and company. I personally present to his small family my sinceres condolences and encourage his former colleagues to continue working with his spirit and vision.
Thank you for all the innovation and inspiration.
Our dearest Steve,         Yes, it plays music, keeps me in touch with loved ones, and helps me manage life. Sure, I love my iPhone and my iPad. But, what I love the most is that you have been such an innovator in our society. You have managed to create and lead a team that produce products that change so much of the way we live, work and play. You are an icon and we thank you for all of your "insanely great" contributions, seen and unseen. Our condolences to the Jobs family as well as the Apple family.
Thank you, Steve, for changing the world. Your vision and creativity have inspired the world. With your help, youth of today have the potential to change the world. You were, indeed, one of the "Crazy Ones." You will be missed by so many. May God bless you in your passing and journey, and may God care for your family. You will be remembered and missed.
I am 49 years old and remember when home computers were little more   than glorified word processors. I have been on this amazing journey   brought to us by Steve Jobs. Steve changed all of our lives. Why?   Because he wanted everyone to benefit from Apple's greatness. He   marginalized no one. He didn't want to reach only a younger   demographic, or an older one. His vision was for ALL of us.  I know Apple will continue to make great products but I sure would   have liked to spend the next few decades enjoying the fruits of his   great vision. So sorry he's gone so soon.
Steve Jobs was definitely one-of-a-kind man. I am very grateful for have been born in this time of scientific and technical advances, but the world would be very different if we had had only one choice to access information technology, without the elegance, innovation and customer-oriented approach of Apple. The brilliant ideas of Steve will be always in our minds. God bless Steve Jobs.
This day when Steve died ... Part of me died with him!  I always want to meet him one day , but unfortunately ... He was the man who give me a reason to do what I'm doing ...  Thank's Steve !
It means "thank you" in Italian.  Thank you Steve for your vision and your determination in making dreams come through.  Thank you for having brought products to make our life easier, better and more exciting.  Thank you for your obstinacy in creating and leading a unique company from a magic vision.  Thank you for having proved that dreams can come true.  Thank you for your "simple is better" style.  Rest in peace and, again, grazie.
I've just heard this news just less then an hour ago and I feel empty Steve was my role model. He's revolutionized this world's technology I doubt we will see a man as great as him. I heard the news and I doubted it I felt like I was in a nightmare and still am. I'm sad and wherever Steve is I hope he is well I had a vision to work with him but my vision is to meet his expectations I'm still young and even though he has passed away I feel he's motivating me still
At the first years of med school I heard Steve's connecting the dots speech,  it had a great impact on my career and life. I'm deeply sorry about the loss that the world had today
Steve vai com Deus !
a fantastic human being,  leaving us all the wonderful gift of   vision....  thank you steve jobs.
Steve was the pioneer of all time in the history of creative gadgets,  with an iPhone in hands, I still feel the passion of him. Long live the KING of iWorld.
I began my art education as a graphic design major -  We had the coolest looking mac computers, the big blue ones, which no one outside of the Art world would dare use!  I was an outcast using a Mac, a real odd ball.  PC users were on the rise, and only the really far out art people used APPLE. But the art world loved their APPLE computers, and despite all the ridicule, being on the verge of bankruptcy , and the inability to communicate at times with anyone outside of the APPLE world, we stuck it out!  And look at us now.  We are now and always will be the true Apple nuts!  Thanks Steve, for all the forward thinking, the passion and your artistic vision. You are Apple.  And we thank you for that!
Dear Steve,  You are a legend.  Looking at the world you have transformed I believe you will have no regrets.  Thanks for your inspiration and your persistence. You didn't only leave us new electronics, you leave us a spirit.
Rest In Peace, Steve!  You have been my number 1 idol since I first got my iPod back in 2007. Since then I've been looking onto you! I've got every single product you've invented.   I hope one day I will be as successful as you!  Thanks for changing me to become an ambitiousness person! I'll miss you!
My condolences to Steve Jobs' family, friends, and all those who knew and had the pleasure to work with him. As I write this from my iPhone surrounded by an apartment filled with Apple devices I can't help but recognize just a few of his many achievements. It is  a shame that he will not be able to see the future that is, in no small part, possible because of him.
To Steve's family, friends, and colleagues,   It deeply saddens me to hear of Steve's passing. He was an inspiration for me and all of us in the tech industry. His was a bright example of what can be done by those who do not accept the status quo.   I know there is nothing that can be done to bring him back, but please let me know if there is any way I can help to make his passing any more bearable. Steve will forever be fondly remembered by me!
Today, we bid farewell to a man who undertook the challenge of showing the world that technology and art can be one. His innovative mentality pioneered technology into its most beautiful form. His legacy will stand through his memory, and through his creations. We must thank Steve for his work and his everlasting dedication. We must thank him for inviting us to think outside the norm and question our limits. More than an innovator and a genius, Steve is an example.  May he rest in peace.
Such a loss always will be remembered. R.I.P Steve Jobs
In 2008, after nearly 20 years of working with computers, I was burnt out. It wasn't fun anymore. My brand-new, $3,000 laptop didn't do half of what it was supposed to do right out of the box.   Then someone said, "You really should have a look at the Macbook Pro..."  I did, and I never looked back.  Thank you, Steve, for making computing fun again. I will miss watching your presentations. I will miss hearing about "one more thing".
Your legacy will live on and shape things to come.    You will be missed.    -Loyal apple customer.
I am emotionally distraught to hear that one of my heroes has died  today. May he rest in peace and live on for generations to come to be  inspired.
Since my first Macbook I always had an apple product next to me. I never realize how much your vision impact my life. My prayers and thoughts are with your family. You will be missed and remember. Thank you Steve.
America has just lost the most important man in the world VERY VERY sad. I never got to meet you Steve. You are my inspiration.
I give God thanks for such a gifted man and the gifts he shared with the  world.  God bless you, Steve!
I never met Steve. At first glance it would seem that my life has  nothing to do with him. And yet, every time I make a phone call, listen  to a song, type up a report, or watch a video on youtube, a little piece  of him is there. I always eagerly watched his enthusiastic keynote  presentations, and anxiously awaited every product arrival. even though  I never met him, his legacy remains in my life forever. Thank you, Steve  Jobs.
"The only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking...and don't settle." - Steve Jobs  Steve, you had me at your Standford University address, my eMac, iMac, iPod(s) and iPhone. You are a legend.
Dear Steve,  We have never met, but yet you made an impact in my life.  Your passion, drive, and creativity is an inspiration to me. Your life  tells not just a story but leaves a legacy to all.   You are a legend. I thank you !!
I do say that steve was an inspiring person to even those who did not know him.  "Life is better lived when it is full of love and joy"
We lost a good one. No, we lost one of the best - but his legacy will live on for a long time.
Mr. Jobs was a visionary. I always was eager to see the latest gadgets he wa s going to introduce. You could see the excitement in his face which always made me run out and buy the newest innovation.To his friends and family you have my sympathy and prayer. Mr. Jobs well done now you can rest easy.
Thank you Steve for being one of the true geniuses the world has ever seen. You will be sorely missed. an amazing man has been lost. Thank you Steve!
I thank you Mr. Steve Jobbs, for your brilliant mind that brought to   so many of us the enjoyment of so many APPLE products. I know that I   would be lost with out having my imac to me no other computer could   ever come close.  To me my MAC is so much fun to use and I feel very   safe using it. You gave us so much not only in computers but phones, ipods, Pixar and   so much other entertainment etc.,  I know that your Legacy shall live   on forever.  I know that it will take one hell of a fantastic person   such as yourself to try and walk in your shoes.    May your soul rest in Eternal Peace. Amen!  My thoughts and prayers are with the family of Steve Jobbs.  With thoughts of Sympathy,     When you    Lose someone so very precious, No one else can really know all that you feel. But, please know that many caring thoughts are with you during this time of sorrow. Please may it comfort all Family Members to know that your dear loved one is now resting in the arms of God.
The whole world has lost a great leader. A unique person, a true genius  who was on a par with men like Einstein and Da Vinci! He will never be  replaced by anyone... But we know that wherever he goes, he will truly  make that place a better place as he did in our world! The world is  better today because of him.
Steve, You set the bar very high and we all better for it. Thanks for  being a great inspiration and visionary.
Desejo os meus sentimentos a Família de Jobs como também aos funcionários da Apple nesta data triste ...A tecnologia está de LUTO assim como os seguidores como eu.
I am so sorry to hear of Steve's passing. Words cannot describe the magnitude of his vision. He change my life. He changed the world. I will miss him dearly.  Thank you, Steve.
Steve taught us all to "think differently." His 2005 commencement address to Stanford is something I keep in my desk drawer when I forget why I do what I do. Not having attended Stanford, I read the speech in the newspaper then. I have kept it in my desk drawer ever since. That speech reminds me to "stay hungry and foolish," to listen to my own intuition and let it guide me to where I need to be.  He was the original crazy one, misfit and trouble maker. He was a true genius.  I extend my condolences to his wife Laurene, his children and his entire family. Thank you for sharing him with all of us.
dear steve, our star   now you became a real star ... are you there in the sky?  You did make the world differently You did build new dreams You did change our mind and thinking  thank you steve, goodbye steve  we are so sorry for your loss, steve
I recently started working for Apple.  I have a wonderful place to go to  work each day.  I am surrounded by warm, kind, and intelligent people.   Thank you Steve for creating that environment for me.  My deepest  sympathies to your family.  I recently lost my father at fifty-six.   There are simply no words.
My sincere condolences to the family, friends and collegues of Steve Jobs. My Name is Monica T Santos. I live in Brazil, and started my career in  System Analysis using the first computer Steve and Apple built, back in  the 80's. Since then, Apple and specially Jobs have conquered, not only  a customer, but a faithful fan. Steve Jobs was Unique. A man ahead of his time, An example of  creativity, geniality and open mind to the new and the unusual. An  example and an inspiration. May he rest in peace, from his last battle. May he never be forgotten!  He will never be forgotten!!
There is nothing I can say to ease his family and friend's sorrow, we all have lost a piece of ourselves today. God bless you all. Heaven just got upgraded.
At times like this there are no words for alleviating pain and longing, but our hearts are warmed to know that Steve was a good man, an inventor and a great leader odd. May God comfort the hearts of family, friends and all who have always had an appreciation and fondness for him.  I learned to program on an Apple II in my first computer course for almost 25 years ago, this little box has made all the difference in my life.  Rest in peace Steve and thanks for everything.
I was going to email this to you a while ago but never did. When my baby girl was born last year we almost lost her. She stopped breathing after birth and didn't start again on her own until 12 hours later. It was a horrific situation. The doctors prepared us for a pretty grim outlook. While she was in the NICU I used my iPhone to document every event which was immediately uploaded to Facebook where all my family and friends from around the world watched and prayed. I never would have been able to do that without your vision for the iPhone.   Thanks Steve.
You really changed the world... Now, we need to discover how to do it without you...  Thanks for all.
I am sad to hear that Steve has passed. The world has lost a father of  design and ingenuity. There will be one more bright star in the sky  overhead tonight.
It's sad to see such a brilliant mind go. No doubt will he forever be remembered, my condolences to you all. May he rest in peace.  -
Steve was someone who inspired me. I love Apple and all of their products. I  will miss the vision that he brings to Apple.
Steve is the great man and I will remember him forever.
Nothing I can say will ever relay how great of an impact Steve Jobs has had on my life. I could tell you about all of the iPhones, iPads, iPods, hardware, and software that I've purchased or used... but that's not the telling piece.  I admire Steve Jobs - the leader, the visionary. His family saw him as a dad, a husband... I can't even imagine the pain their hearts are carrying right now. The world is mourning today, Steve, for you changed the lives of millions and millions of people. Thank you for being one of the most profound human beings this world will ever see.  My condolences to his family, the Apple family, and all of the lives he touched during his short time on this Earth. God took Steve much too soon. I hope one day I have the chance to say, "Thank you, Steve."  God bless.
Steve Jobs greatness has only begun to be appreciated. For decades to  come people will come to realize how Steve changed the entertainment  world for all to enjoy and appreciate so easily. From the Mac to the  iPod, from iTunes to iCloud, Steve ability to bring together great minds  and great ideas and wrap them up into magical devices has made him a  World Icon. He changed the way the entire music industry operates,  saving it single handedly from the Napsters of the world, by making it  easy to not only purchase music individually or buy album, but also by  making it easy to put on on mobile device so that music can be with you  wherever you go. The Mac, the Mouse, iPod, iTunes, iPhone, iPad,  iCloud. Steve made it all easier. Many years from now, it will be  easy to reflect back and realize how special Steve Jobs was and how  lucky the World was to have his brilliance..Thank you Steve Jobs, for  changing my life forever.
Dear Apple family  We would like to extend to you our deepest condolences for the lost of   one, who, as we here always try to push the boundaries.   One without who there wouldn't be a working model in the digital economy   for us, the independent music executives out of all corners of the world.  We are so very proud to be given a opportunity to work with Apple iTunes   directly and so consider ourselves part of your family. On that note, as   Brazilians, we do believe in reincarnation and by doing so know that Steve   is at a much better place as well as that he is here; Right there at his   office, looking at some figures and planning new designs as they come to   him.  God bless him and all at Apple.
Steve  Thank you for everything.  Without you I would not know the joy of a Pixar film.  My children would not know the joy and the wonder of watching every film Pixar ever made.  Without you, my children would not have their Ipod Nano's to help entertain them during long car trips and help them focus while they do their homework and their reading.  Thank you for my 1st computer, an Apple II.  I had so much fun as a child playing on it.  My cellphone contract is up and I am getting my 1st iphone next month.  I have been waiting for that day for 2 years.  Thank you for being an innovator. Thank you for being a dreamer.  Thank you for always making your dreams into reality.  You will be missed but I will think of you every day when I use my ipod to listen to my favorite songs, when I go to itunes and download my favorite podcasts and songs I havent heard in years. Thank you, Thank you, Thank you.
The world lost it's light today. But he will forever be remembered though his legacy. Now he met Newton, Einstein and other geniuses like him.  My tears flow because I'm selfish: I'm sad you left us. But I know you are better now and your spirit will be in every Apple product we have: now we have a billion pieces of Steve Jobs. Rest well.
We will not forget you, the way you changed the world is different from all others. Thank you for your efforts for us.
I’ll thank the extraordinary Mr. Jobs for two main reasons. First, and most important, the iPod, the greatest and most important technological invention since the cellphone. Second, but not less important, that amazing speech he gave at Standford University in the year 2005. He’ll be able to speak to human souls in need forever with those eternal wise words, just like he spoke to mine. You’ll be missed.
I sit in front of a Mac every day since 1988. Had my first Macbook in 93. Gray plastic. My first printer was a LaserWriter II. I use a PowerBook today. I was one of the few who had a Newton. Today I have an iPhone 4, an iPad2 and a Silver Mac. My work and my life had been powered by Apple. Apple design has always been great and Steve presentation and speeches always inspiring. I think we designers will be very sad without Steve.  Thank you for giving us all that wonderful ideas, tools and inspiration.  Good bye Steve.
When I met a Mac, then I decided to go to a graduate school in US. When I met an iPhone, then I decided to start up a company.  All my life is inspired by Steve, and it will be from now on.  I believe Apple team keeps taking over his spirit, and making with products that Steve loves.   Many many thanks to Steve from Japan.
Mankind has suffered a great lost...
Steve Jobs sculpted the standard for modern technology and he will not   be forgotten. Through this, he will always live.
Steve jobs you will always be remembered. i just want to thank you. RIP!
Ever since I was young, my family didn't even know what Apple really  was. They just considered it to be a regular computer company. Apple is  more than that, and I showed them exactly that. When I was 11 years old,  I convinced my Mom to buy a MacBook Pro for herself. I spent 2 years  trying to convince her. Now I am 14, and my entire family together owns  5 iPod Touches, 2 iPhones, 1 iPad, and 2 macs. Steve Jobs was such a hero for me, it was because of him that I want to  be a computer designer when I grow up.
Steve Jobs got me my first Apple computer the the 128K Mac in February 1983.  Signed inside the box by the original designers, it had the first single floppy Sony drive, an integrated monitor screen, that became the hallmark of the Mac, and greeted you with a smiley face each time you turned it on. 28 years later, I still own that 128k Mac and every Apple product that came thereafter from the Newton to the Cube to the iPhone 4S. God Bless You, Steve Jobs. The world will never be the same.
To Steve's family, thank you for sharing this amazing human being with  the world. We will forever miss him! Condolences to you and your family.
I've just been very much surprised to know this sad news and I've been very much happy to have touched something created by Steve and his companies.  Please allow me to deliver my sincere condolences to him, his family and all members at Apple Corporation.
Since I was a young tot, my family has always loved Apple and what it stood for.  I remember the days when I would argue with my friends about how Apple computers were superior to PC's.  Oh how things have changed!  What an awesome, innovative soul Steve was/is.     Thank you Steve, for everything you stood for and brought to our lives.
You are my inspiration an I am sure you are inspired many others too.  You will be in my memory forever. Rest In Peace
One of the best inventors and visionary I will ever see in my life. Rest in peace Mr.Jobs.
Steve Jobs, it has been an honor and pleasure having you with us for all these years. You've been a great human being to all of us and an inspiration to all for developing more innovative design, many of us look up to you and right now we hope you rest in peace. We hope you guide us all to discover more innovative design, discoveries and keeping your legacy alive. Thank You!
I'm trully sorry about Steve Jobs. He changed the world we live in! He's someone who will always be remembered as one of the greatest minds! Thank you for everything! Apple please keep up with the good work, honoring this great leader!
Whenever I thought about the challenges that faced me or the failures  that pop up in my life, one of the favorite stories I'd always go back  to is the one of Steve Jobs. His sheer genius is one that is truly  inspiring and how he returned to Apple to make it what it is today is  something I tell all of my students whenever they execute their business  plans. My friends and I are deeply saddened by this loss. The world has lost  one of the greatest visionaries of the century. Rest in peace Steve  Jobs. You will be missed by people across the globe.
Hi Steve,    I'm Rakesh from India and know you very well… I'm a staunch believer of science and your work... but eventually both are the same.  My hearty condolences to you sir Steve Jobs.
To Steve,  Thank you for sharing your vision with the world.  We will miss you dearly.
You have changed our world.  How we work, play and communicate.  Our world will never be the same because of your innovation and passion.   Now I know how MJ fans felt when their superstar passed away.   Thank you!  You are our rock star!
Beloved Steve Jobs, It's sad to heard that u had left us. It's so sudden. Thanks for creating Apple to this world. U are indeed a genius! May u rest in peace!
It is with great sadness that I read about the passing of Steve Jobs. I have been a long time aficionado of all things Apple. Being someone who is a self-professed techie, I had such great admiration for his vision and creativity. I know Apple, the company, will survive and prosper, because I know he would have it no other way. He had such a personality and through his excitement for a new technology, he got the rest of us excited. His enthusiasm was contagious! The world is indeed a very different and better place because of Steve Jobs.
Thank you for paving the way for generations to come, to dream like you did!   May you rest in peace. Thank you for inspiring!  Prayers and thoughts to the family and friends.
I have followed Mr. Job’s life and impact on human intellectual development.you will be truly missed Steve.May you rest in perfect peace
Rest in peace, Steve Jobs. Thank you for educating us, inspiring us, and enriching our lives. Our world will never be the same. Thank you for making it so exciting and approachable for all of us. You have made technology more understandable for so many people. You will be missed.
Steve Jobs was a big inspiration to me.  I didn't like myself in presentations, somehow not knowing what to do with  my hands. I was browsing one day and stumbled upon one of Steve's videos -  watching him present was amazing and awe-inspiring. Ever since that day I've  always looked at the same video before I go for a presentation or a  meeting I needed to chair and  tried to channel his poise, mimicking his  composure,   I've got so much confidence instilled in me because of him.  My prayers go out to his family and friends, Tim Cook, and his dedicated  and talented employees.  Lilian, from Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
R.I.P. Steve Jobs "We don¹t get a chance to do that many things, and everyone should be really excellent. Because this is our life, life is brief, and then you die, you know?" ­ (Steve Jobs). Steve dies, this makes me amazingly sad, even some tears appear in my eyes, but Apple, never forget, it was his lifework and should be forever his lifework. All of you  workers, managers, designers, really all of you who are responsible for the amazing products, made him a rich man. Not from the financial point of view but from the social one. You all made him proud. You have been a family. And you will be forever. Never forget his illusion and always work hard, to continue his lifework.  A little of us lost a father, a husband Some of us lost a friend Many of us lost a director But the most of us lost an idol, me too.  We will never forget him Sincere condolences! All the best to all of you, keep your head up!
We'll miss you.
I think of him  every time I text on my iphone I think of him every time I type on my mac I think of him every time I listen to my ipod...
Goodbye Steve Jobs, your hard work has been an inspiration for this world, your vision of innovation has rocked this world!! you are a legend. Your body  might perish but your vision of innovation will remain. Goodbye Jobs... GOD  always be with you. rest in peace.
iThank you for everything you've done Steve. Bringing the right taste to technology.
Just wanted to say my son never met Steve but you would swear they were best friends!!  Charles is a 3rd year student at UVA and during his freshman year in high school, he fell in love with Steve's passion.  We, as a family, would talk about Apple and Steve around the dinner table.  Steve was my son's hero because he proved as long as you really loved what you do and had the desire for all to win......Success was inevitable.   Steve's passion was contagious and therefore, he will live on in the hearts of all of us.  What an inspiration for a kid now in college!  Hopefully, my son will follow in Steve's "heartsteps".  With much love and joy!
Hello Apple my name is Conner I am 11 years old anf I have loved Steve Jobs for a very long time and my thoughts go out to this wonderful peice of art   Steve Jobs Was My Hero
Just yesterday I wrote my first blog, aptly named "My obsession with  Steve Jobs". Had I known we would lose him forever, I would have kept  going. I am humbled by Steve Jobs. I never met him, nor will I ever, but  he will hold a place in my heart. He changed our lives, he changed our  World, and most importantly, he changed my kids' World. Thank you Steve,  for making our lives so fun. You will forever inspire me to be greater.  Thank you for making me want to be not only a better person, but also a  greater person. May God rest your soul.
This is my way of saying thank you for inspiring our generation to think differently and change the world through use of computers and its technology. Steve, may you continue to guide us.
Dear Friends,      Steve Jobs will always inspire our imagination of how to surprise people  wishes they didn't even know they had. He's spirit will always be "spiration" for us!
Farewell Steve Jobs,thanks for your brilliant innovations that you brought to the world....we'll remember you always....
I am very saddened by the world's loss of Steve Jobs. He was one of my Heroes and is someone I had always looked up to. A lot of the stuff Steve and the Apple team have done has changed the world in a good way and I deeply appreciate all the things you and Steve have done. He is definitely someone I would have loved to meet and thanks at some point in time, since he is someone who has indirectly taught me a lot about technology and innovation. I will truly miss him, not as just an innovator, but as a person and professional. I will never forget the things he and his team have brought to the world and will always remember him as a true individual.
You are a genius! Thank you for all you have given...you have changed  the world, and inspired others...you've made this world a better place.
Mr Jobs, You will be dearly missed.  Although I have never met you, without you our company would probably not exist.  Our prayers are with your family and friends at this time.  Thank you for your vision and great technologies.
The world lost a true visionary today.  Rest in peace Steve.
No one will ever forget Steve Jobs. He was one of the most important and well known person in the world, and has done so manyinfluential things. Steve is a big part of my life and always will be.
One of the top creative minds of the modern age, will be greatly missed.
We thank God for blessing us with one who has made life simple and yet enjoyable through his ideas.  We will miss him.
Dear Apple and Steve Jobs' family, I am so sorry for your loss. Steve was a great person. he made  the music industry what they are today. Nothing would be what it is  today without Steve. R.I.P to Steve.
I was shocked and jolted when I heard the terrible news of Steve Jobs being no more. A hard worker who followed his passion, a visionary my idol. I am deeply saddened by the loss. He is possibly the only person I look upon from this era. His little talk at Stanford is probably one of the best motivational speeches I have ever heard. I've ever since tried to inculcate his advises from that particular speech. I have no words to express the sense of void that I feel in my heart. May his soul rest in peace. Like someone said, All great people die young. Yes, he was great!!! My deepest condolences to his family for their loss.
My thoughts and prayers go out to the family, friends, influences, and  influenced of Steve Jobs.  Words cannot describe what a true loss this  has been.  Steve is not only a creative genius but the one who really  defined the 21st century and took computing to places no one has seen.   Let Steve's legacy be forever lived!
He made the world a better place with his passions and super natural innovations. He is the legend.
While I never was fortunate to know the man other than his name, my deepest condolences to all of those that knew and loved the man that contributed so much to the world. We will miss you Steve, you will live on through those that loved you the most.
May God bless your soul Steve...We will miss you forever..you really did transform the music and computer industry.
Left the world for a better place. Thanks for the memories.
I almost feel like I lost a part of my family today. I've been buying and using Apple products since 1983 and most of my friends and family think I know Steve personally the way I talk about him and the company.   My sincere condolences to Steve's family, friends and the entire Apple community.  This is truly a sad day.
I have been an apple user since I was born. The first computer we had in  our home was an apple and I used to spend hours on it. As I grew up I  continued to use apple products and watched as they changed the world.  Steve Jobs was a truly inspirational man who changed so many lives  throughout the world with his innovation and determination. Thank you for everything you did for me, and the world
I'm no one special just one of many creative students at the Ringling College of Art and Design in Sarasota FL where we all use Apple products 24/7. Quoting what one of our amazing professors Kim Elam said while talking about Apple and design. *"For once superior design wins!*" I just wanted to personally email Apple and let you know I am heart broken to hear that we lost it's creator and innovator. Steve Jobs your my inspiration! We should all learn from this great man and "Think Different" Multimedia Designer
He was a great man, innovator, and visionary and will be greatly missed.   His mark on the world in undeniable and will be remembered with the  likes of Edison, Garcia, and Newton for his impact and vision.  I wish  his spirit well, and his soul to flourish with all the well wishes of  the millions who will remember him forever, and pass his legacy on into  future generations.
My honest condolences to family and friends... he was the giant and will remain.
I'm deeply saddened by the news of his death, and I'm keeping his  family, and friends, in my prayers.  I have been an Apple supporter for  the last 17 years.....have worked with Mac's since high school, and will  have nothing but an Apple in my home.  I have always stood by Apple and  defended Steve against anyone who would throw a jab at him, or Apple.  I  loved how he would throw jabs right back @ his conferences, always made  me laugh and always made me look forward to hearing what he had to say.   I had truly hoped to be able to meet him one day, as I thought he was an  amazing person.  The world lost a great man.  Thank you Steve, for all  that you have done for us, you saved Apple, and gave us SO MUCH MORE!   You will me missed. :(
Thanks for the inspiration, rest in peace.
Today the world has lost a genius. RIP Steve. And thanks.
God blessing you.  It must be great honor for me to live with you &amp; this generation which you create.  Your way how to think is the ecstasy property to the world and its world will miss you forever.  Tears will be kept on next some days, but I will soon be on usual and iPhone will make much more fun &amp; convenient for my life. Thanks, Steve and now you can take peaceful sleep.  Enjoy your sleep!
Thank you Mr. Jobs for bringing the Apple products to this world!  You will always be a great man!  We will always remember you...
Very few people will be remembered throughout history as people who   created something so great and so vast that it could ever be   forgotten. Walt Disney, Henry Ford, Sam Walton and now Steve Jobs.   Today is truly a sad day.
Thank you for your passion and innovative spirit - the world is a worse place without you.
Thanks for all you gave us creative professionals. You changed the way we work, think and live. then the rest of the world took hold and we will be forever grateful!
My first computer was a Performa 6500. It was too expensive, not very   capable, but it was a Mac. From the little I knew then about   computers, I knew that when I finally bought one, it would be a Mac. I knew little about computers, but I'd learned a lot about the   creativity and genius of the two people who's founded Apple, and I   wanted to be a part of it. Over the years, I wore my Apple t-shirt everywhere, and was abused. But when Steve came back and rejuvenated the company, I knew the wait   had been worth it, and that Steve would vindicate all my years of   loyalty. He did, in spades. All my years of evangelizing Macs was made worth it by Steve Jobs'   genius. Now, it's cool to love Apple and it's products. But some of us always knew and loved Apple and the man who saved it. He can never be replaced or equaled.
He taught us to dream of the future, and he taught those at Apple to build it.  I am grateful.  My condolences to his family, friends, and colleagues.
Thanks for changing the world Steve, we'll never forget you.
God bless you Steve. The world will never be the same without you.
Steve's vision and products are legendary, but the speech he delivered   at the 2005 Stanford Commencement is life changing advice.  Those   words are a gift to us all.  Thanks Steve!  Never another one like you.  God Bless!
I sit here with my iPhone and my iPad and my iMac, with all my records and CDs packed away, and I realize...Steve Jobs invented the 21st Century. May his vision live on.
RIP, thank you for revolutionizing the world, and condolences to your loved ones.
The mortal life is short, but the legacy is immortal. Steve was a great inventor, and inventors will be remembered for generations.
I am in tears as I write this. I just wanted to say that as a 17 year old student, I needed a positive role model in my life, and that's exactly what Steve was. His speeches, his inventions, his reshaping of the world, inspired me to try hard in school. He reminded me that the little details count and to always give nothing but my best. I will continue to try my best in life and make a difference.   Thank you Steve.   Almost everything--all external expectations, all pride, all fear of embarrassment or failure--these things just fall away in the face of death, leaving only what is truly important. Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose. You are already naked. There is no reason not to follow your heart.
Who knew I would be this saddened about the death of someone who I   didn't know personally. Thank you Steve Jobs, for your vision, passion   and always pushing others to create the impossible. Because of your   stellar tools you helped form my life and career.
Words cannot describe what this man has done for the world.   Thoughts go out to everyone who was close to him and his family.  The world won't be the same without steve.
For a long time I wasn't a fan of Apple Computers. But the recent innovations that Mr. Jobs have introduced have undeniably changed the way people live. Such a sad day to lose one of the visionaries of our time.
The world has lost an extraordinary person, even though i've never known  Steve personally I know that the impact of his loss has effected  millions and much more his family. I believe we will never have a  visionary like him in this lifetime. I cant offer much but my condolences  and respect for the loss that his family has to endure.  RIP STEVE  1955-2011 you will always be remembered.
Steve: you've been an inspiration. You'll always be.
STEVE JOBS...  HAS LEFT HIS MEMORY IN ALL OF US !!!!!! 20   HE STILL LIVES IN OUR HEARTS WITH ALL HE SHARED. HE IS NOT APART FROM  US BUT PART OF US!!!!
I haven't always been a fan of Apple products, being a PC user from around 5 years old (I'm almost 33 now) and having only recently converted to a MacBook Pro, but you can't deny all that he's done for the computer industry as a whole.  Some of my fondest memories as a kid were using the old Apple II systems at school, learning how to type, playing Oregon Trail, writing small programs in BASIC, and everything else we did.  From his ideas, to his charisma, you could always tell his true excitement in talking about and releasing new products.  He was a true pioneer in his field and he will be greatly missed.
Because of you and your amazingly unique gadgets, our lives have been forever altered. You had a truly one of a kind genius brain and the world will always remember you. Miss you Steve!
For raising the standard for" amazing." For showing us all what well thought out technology can do. For making the inspiring world that was previously reserved for geeks and nerds accessible to everyone. Without Apple, I wouldn't have a job as a Final Cut Pro editor. I wouldn't be able to find just the song I needed when I'm feeling down. And I wouldn't have learned that true magic is achievable with the right mix of innovation, perseverance, and leadership.  Rest in peace, Steve.
ありがとう！ご冥福をお祈り致します。
The world has lost a genius &amp; an amazing person, technology is what it is to day because of Steve. His Legacy will live on forever &amp; he will never be for gotten. My thoughts &amp; prayers go out to his family &amp; everyone at Apple. Rest in Peace Steve. You have changed our lives for the best &amp; I thank you for it. We love you.
Dear Apple/whomever will read this,  I grew up watching Steve launch new products in the way only he can ever do. He was and still is my childhood hero and taught me to always reach for the stars. His message was subtle but clear: you determine your future, make it worth every second and live life to it's fullest. It was through the keynotes I'd stay home from school to watch and save every penny I earned to buy anything Steve launched, that I learned to follow my dreams. Steve, wherever you are now, I thank you from the bottom of my heart for being everything you were and an amazing role model for me, even though the closest I ever got to meeting you was sneaking into a WWDC Keynote in 2003. The world has lost the most innovative and creative person to grace the modern world and I've lost a personal hero. RIP Steve. You will be missed severely.
I can't imagine life as we live it today without the intervention of Steve Jobs.  Not only as a visionary but as a man and a mentor he lead us all to a new era.  Thank you for all you have done for us.
the world lost a great man..My thoughts are with all family   members, friends and apple's family.
I am deeply saddened to hear about the passing of Steve Jobs today.  When I first heard about the passing of Mr. Jobs, the first thing I thought about was how amazing it was for one person to build a company from scratch in a single garage to something so monumental - something that certainly cannot fit in a garage any longer.  But after a while, I realized that the passing of Steve Jobs meant more than just the death of a figurehead.  To me, Steve Jobs was Santa Claus.  Every Christmas, I would wake up and hope the one thing I opened would be an iPod or a new Mac laptop, or even just a cover or a case for something.  When my dad was dying of cancer at Stony Brook University hospital in early 2005, one of the last memories of him that I remember is giving me money to go buy the new iPod and some iPod socks.  When I think back to those times, I realized that Mr. Jobs was the man that made the smile on my face possible all those times.  I am e-mailing this wonderful company because I would like to thank you all.  I know it was not just Mr. Jobs that made for such happy memories, it was all of you.  I know it is not going to be easy going to work tomorrow, knowing that such a monumental figurehead will no longer be with you.  But what you all have to remember is that myself, along with millions of Americans and billions of people all around the globe are cheering for you. Keep the tradition going.  Make Mr. Jobs proud.  We will still be behind you 100%.
Dear Steve,   Through your vision and passion for Apple were you able to change the way people around the world look at personal devices and communication. Thank you for sharing your dreams through every single personal device Apple has ever made.   As an owner of a iMac, iPad and iPod Touch, you have changed my world completely.  Steve may you rest in peace and God Speed to you and your family.
Hope you take beauty of technology and creativity to heaven too...  ...thank you steve
Wow. Steve Jobs changed technology forever and will always be in the hearts of every geek and techy always. R.I.P Steve J.
Goodbye steve,even if you aregone, your inspirationandbrilliant ideas remain inmy headuntil theend of the world,your lifehas inspiredmany people. May you rest in peace there.
Dear APPLE,  I am  writing this email to show my greatest sympathy to the loss of the inspiring leader. He's at peace right now and his spirit will be enlighten our generation and far more influenced the next generation. He has revolutionised the way we see technology!
Steve thank you for the great products that we have.
Thanks for giving us such an amazing product and for believing in yourself. From what we, the public, saw and knew of you was that you were a great guy with a huge talent. You will be missed and we are so thankful for you for bringing us this incredible technology and a love for the brand. We're so thankful for everything you have given us! God Bless!
RIP Mr. Steve Jobs,  I have never written a random letter like this but I just want to thank you for being a great asset to this world. Especially, for bringing such innovation in our technology. I have been in a long distance relationship with my fiancee. iPhone and Facetime has made everything soo much easier for us to communicate- it feels as if he was not even miles away! We are planning our wedding still apart from each other, but thanks to iPhone, wedding planning and preparations has been easier! You are amazing, and I just want to thank you for your brilliant mind. May you rest in peace.
I am deeply sorry. He will be always remembered, not only by his family and friends, but also by all the people touched by his talent.
With his incredible vision, Steve Jobs truly made technology accessible to all people. At the Apple store, you will find three year olds using computers, iPads, and iPhones. At the same time, senior citizens are learning how to make digital movies and communicate with people in new ways. As a teacher, I appreciate his contribution to education.
My sincere condolences goes out to his family. May God  bring comfort to his family in this time of sorrow.
You created a world beyond what we ever thought we might   be. I am humbled - honored - devastated -- all at the same moment. cannot tell you how much your vision has impacted me and made me a  better person.
Steve Jobs was an amazing individual. He broke the technology barrier that a  lot of people would not ever attempt or even see in a lifetime. We only see  this kind of person maybe once in our lifetime and we should cherish that we are so blessed. He has had me on his side with all of his products, which I  actually have a few myself. iPhone 4 32GB, 17" MacBook Pro, and a 27" iMac.  I love those machines and don't feel like any other individual could've created the empire he has built in his short lifetime. He will always be remembered.
As the sun never stops shining and love never stops giving, your vision and hard work will be remembered for centuries to come. May almight god give you rest in peace.
Someone who gave the world so much that brought happiness and joy. Gone before his time but the brightest stars always burn out the quickest.  Rest In Peace Steve - your legacy will live on in the smiles of generations to come.
I feel the need to express my condolences. I am 17, and growing up   watching every Keynote presentation by the man in the black turtleneck   was foundational to me. His vision has done the better part of   defining the Millennial's lifestyle, and I'm proud to say I am heavily   influenced by Apple. Everything about the company has inspired my   philosophy on technology, and guaranteed Steve Jobs' methods will   continue to be a driving force for me until, and beyond the day when   I start my first company.
I am so deeply shocked and sad right now. Mr. Steve. Jobs is such a pioneer and genius, brought profound impact on this world. He will be remembered and memorized by the world forever.  His motto "stay hungry, stay foolish" is always inspiring and encouraging me and many people.  I miss him forever.
At the risk of sounding like the rest of those who are emailing their thoughts, today, we've lost a very special man. I can only hope that Apple will continue forward with Steve's spirit in mind.  My most sincere condolences to his family and friends.  Forever an Apple fan.
His life will continue to be an inspiration, but I am too sad for words right now.
This is a sad day...he was a good man who taught us that there is nothing impossible... a man who changed the life of so many people around the world, and he still lives in the hearts and minds of every fan and family... Farewell Mr. Steve Jobs...thanks for everything...we'll miss you a lot. Again thank you very much Mr. Steve for everything...
You will always be one of my heros.
My deepest condolences to the friends and family of Mr. Jobs.  The world has lost a genius, a master mind, a Da Vinci of our time.  Will be greatly missed.
I like to believe that when we lose someone close to us they still live through us and give us strength. The time we have spent with those we've lost makes them part of us. The world will remember Steve Jobs as a wonderful person who changed our lives.  R.I.P Steve Jobs.
I'm not the type who would normally do something like this, but this nation as well as the world, has lost a true visionary.  I am at a loss for words.
It's just not going to be the same without Steve Jobs around. We are all going to miss him.
Can't believe the world has lost such an incredible mind and being. All I can wish is that Steve is in peace now and that his family, friends and colleagues find strength in this hard time. My deepest condolences and my utter most respect. The digital world will never be the same. Rest in Peace Steve!
My most sincere and deepest condolences to his family and the Apple family. What sad news.  Just recently I heard the talk he had given at Stanford University's graduation ceremony, and was amazed to learn the life he had led--not always an easy one--and the lessons he learned from it.  He had an incredible vision for what was possible... or, better yet, that nothing is impossible.  I can imagine that his creative legacy will continue to inspire many people... even though individuals like him only come around every once in a while.
Thank You Mr Jobs for thinking "outside the box".  You have been the   Einstein of our generation. We will miss you dearly
To the family and friends of Mr. Steve Jobs,  I would like to offer my most sincere condolences and prayers for your loss. I would just like you to know that I will celebrate Mr. Jobs' legacy by continuing to be a member of the Apple ecosystem of products. After all, Mr. Jobs is a hero in my eyes for simplifying and entertaining people's lives simultaneously. Additionally, Apple's impact on the education of the world is tremendous, and the use of the iPad in this area exponentially increases that impact. While I regret not being able to meet and thank the Apple team in person for these products, Mr. Jobs' attention to detail and passion for these products is clearly visible with every swipe, tap and pinch I perform. Thank you for allowing me the opportunity to give thanks through this medium, and once again, my prayers are with you all.
If it hadn't been for Apple, I would never have discovered how much I   love design...and I probably wouldn't have become a designer. You have made a huge and lasting change in the world, and your life's   work helped me discover mine. Rest in peace.
The apple felt from the tree. Thank you for changing the world over the years . I'll never forget you. I hope you're in your iCloud now.
I am very sad.  Jobs was a great man.
Steve Jobs, I and my family will remember you forever, and mourn for many days to come. You were the genius of our time, innovative and intuitive. What you have done for us will never be forgotten. You will never be forgotten. We mourn your loss today and have one wish: that you had overcome your illness and were sill with us today. It was you who brought Apple to where they are today, you who created the most advanced computer company for the average consumer. And it will be you who will never be forgotten. Thank you, Steve.
It's a sad day, we've lost a great man, Steve Jobs, my heart is broken and truly goes out to his family and close friends.I'm sooooo bummed about Steve, I've been choking back tears for hours now. I worked on my first Apple Macintosh computer in 1986, it was an SE 30 w/ 9 inch black and white screen, been a fan ever since. I've owned several Macs over the years. Steve Jobs is the reason I'm a Graphic Designer today because w/out Apple I would not create, funny how you just realized who inspires you once they have passed.May he rest in peace and be surrounded by all the cool Apple products he created. Farewell my friend,you will be missed greatly.
I am where I am today because of Steve, I as a first grader back in 1981 got to use an Apple IIe for the very first time.  From that  point on I was in love with computers.  Today some 30 years later I am work ingin the computer industry as a help desk technician.  I took a while to  turn a hobby into my career but I have always credited my love of computers  to that first Apple IIe.  I have never met Steve but I feel like I would not be who I am today without his contributions to the world.  God speed Steve and my prayers are to you and your family.
He created the greatest technology ever.  I use it everyday at school and at home and pretty much anywhere else.  All of what he made is amazing.  He is one of the reasons our lives are so easy these days.    I will remember him for as long as I use Apple technology.
Dear Apple,  Steve Jobs, a modern day Leonardo Di Vinci of our era who and will forever be known as a legend until the end of time.  i also want to thank all Apple employees past and present who have had faith and believed in the nature and quality of your work.  Combined with Steve's inspiration and desire for creativity such wonderful synergy was born and brought about an impressive line of Apple products &amp; services.  Its always an honor to work for a company that has the capacity to influence the world and inspire future generations of innovators.  Visionaries such as Steve appear maybe once a century.  Therefore Apple I hope you continue to truly honor Steve's life work with the preservation of Steve's inspiration in all that you do... for we all receive inspiration from within ourselves.
Steve was an innovator and a genius. He brought some of the greatest  technology ever seen to us. The man will be thoroughly missed. He is in  our prayers.
Never met you in person, never spoke to you, yet your death feels like such a big loss. I guess that how people feel when a genius passes away. May your soul will rest in peace, Steve Jobs.
Steve Jobs, He will be my icon, forever. He should inspire every Man on this Earth,  to bring the Human being technology and creativity, spilling happiness,  thus. He just changed my way to see the world and to live my life, he  was the greatest man that has ever lived. Rest in peace, Steve, and thank you for everything you've created.
10.5.11 Dear Inspiration,  Steve Jobs was the person of the world. It is hard to believe he died today. But he will live in our hearts forever. To me he was the best. One thing I always wanted to do was to meet him, but I never got the chance. Even though I was never able to meet him, I already feel like I know him through his awesome products. He really changed the way this world worked. I am just baffled. He is a legend that will live on forever. R.I.P Steve Jobs. Feb. 24 1955 - Oct. 5 2011
I was reading email on my iPad when I received breaking news from my local news about his passing. I broke down and started to cry. A man I never met or knew personally touched my heart in so many ways. My hopes are with his family.   This was a truly truly special person. There will never be another.
Thank you for making the world colorful. Thank you for bringing Apple to  the whole world. Thank you for making people's dream come true. Good  nite.
I have been a member of the Apple family since I owned a IIE. I have supported Apple ever since. Steve always made me feel that I was home at Apple and I had total faith in whatever products he brought to market. As he always said " It Just Works" and it always has. I will miss you greatly.
I will forever remember Steve as being the one who merged Art and  Technology seamlessly. I will forever remember him as the visionary that  saw the big picture, and acted upon it. This man changed my life.  Nothing more needs to be said.
R.I.P Steve Jobs! you will forever be remembered.
Dear Steve, You are one of the greatest inventors and businessmen in the world. You really did change how we live our lives each day. You were also a great presenter. It seems like only yesterday I remember going on my first cruise ship and seeing all of these small white gadgets in people's hands. Even before that, I remember using the Macintosh computers in my elementary school. I remember asking my parents on that cruise ship what those gadgets were. They told me it was called an iPod, a cool gadget for listening to music. This was back when the first iPod came out. Even though I am only fourteen years old, you have given me inspiration to pursue a career focusing in on the technology and media industry. You will be missed. Rest In Peace Steve Jobs. I will miss you.
Steve Jobs, you were an inspiration to me and a genius, and your ideas will live on for generations to come. you were truly an amazing man and will never ever be forgotten.
As a 44 year old I can say without a doubt my life has been influenced by Steve from the first day I touched my 8K Apple II in high school.  Thank you for that Steve, thank you.
What a truly sad day.  Steve Jobs was a remarkable individual, who co-founded what is arguably America's most remarkable company.  He was a towering individual of the technology revolution, and will be sorely missed by many.  RIP Steve, we will miss you.
Hello,  I didn't know Steve personally but he has inspired me more than anyone else on the planet.   People who know me, know I love Apple.  I'm currently majoring in Game and Simulation Programming. And making video games is a dream of mine and always has been.   Seeing Steve Jobs' Stanford Commencement Speech changed my life. The quote "if today was my last day alive would I do what I'm about to do right now" is what did it.   I decided why the hell not try and reach the goal and make that dream come true.
Dear Apple, My condolences to you all! Steve will be missed and remembered by all.
You have been an inspiring icon for me.  I used steve as a model of innovation, human being and strength.  We will always keep you in our hearts.
Mr. Steve jobs.   The focus is say no.  Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven’t found it yet, keep looking, and don’t settle. As with all matters of the heart, you’ll know when you find it.. Mr. SteveJobs, wherever you areGod is with you, you wereand always will beagreat mentorof media andtechnology resources availablein theworldwas.  Mycondolencesto you, withall due respectand gratitudefor the great manhe was.   Godenlighten you.
I feel so sad right now. Steve you inspired me and millions of others.  If it weren't for you the tech industry wouldn't be as great as it is  today. But this isn't about the founder and ex CEO of the great company  Apple Inc. passing away this is about a great person named Steven Paul  Jobs who died and will be sincerely missed. My thoughts go to the family  first but not just them I'm sure everyone at Apple and in the world is  sad at this moment but he was a great man and is in a better place now.  RIP Steve I seriously cannot express how sad I am at this moment even  tough I didn't even now him personally. You will be missed. :'(
Rest in peace Steve. I am sure you have gone to a very special place.
For someone I never knew personally Steve Jobs had a big impact on my life.  My first computer when I was a child (The Apple II) was his creation and without it there is no doubt that my childhood would have been a much lonelier time and I don't think I ever would have developed the love of learning that I have come to enjoy.  Thank you Steve.  You will be missed
Rest in Peace Steve Jobs! Your vision touched our world in an inexplicable   way. Your genius was unparalleled. I thank you for helping to shrink the   world, making my life more melodic, and making my work life more cool.  You   will be missed!
RIP Steve Jobs...thanks for all that you did for technology.
One of the great minds of the 21st century is gone and I don't think that anyone can achieve more in the future than Steve has achieved for the digital world in the last decade.
Hi, My name is Alivia and I am 12 years old. My whole life I have known and grown up with the products Steve jobs has helped create. Technology plays a huge part in my life and surprisingly has shaped some of who I am today.  Thanks Steve, you really helped my life become so much more simple.
I recently purchased a iPad and macbook air while i personally do  not know him i am saddened by his loss.  My opening homepage is  apple.com and when i saw his face it made me draw tears upon his  departure.  The world lost an amazing human being. My greatest sympathy
Steve,   Thank you for everything that you have given to us. We can only be inspired and learn from your achievements for years to come. Because of you, all of us live in a better world today.  Your work is not only a foundation of Apple but a course of development for the whole humanity. You profoundly changed our lives for better. We can't thank you enough.
Steve inspired, invited, and got us excited about the future.    In a world in which so much of the future seems bleak, this is immeasurable.  Thank you for showing us a world we're excited about.
From such a young age I remember the releases of all the iPods and the iPhone. Now a high schooler it is hard to believe that one of the most inspirational figures outside of my own family is gone. Steve Jobs, no matter what anyone said changed everything and affected the world in so many ways. He reinvented things over and over and over again. The phone, the tablet, the computer, the list goes on. May he continue to innovate wherever he is. Today is a very sad day.
er hat mein Leben zu einem großen Teil bestimmt.   Wir sehen uns wieder auf der anderen Seite.
My heartfelt sympathy goes out to Steve's Family on this sad day. Everything  I touch in my world today, has been effected by the creativeness of Steve Jobs. I owe him my thanks for all he has contributed to the World of technology. I shall miss his witty unveilings and most of all his down to Earth approach of addressing complexities. This has been the end of a great Era...or perhaps the beginning of a new one inspired by this great innovator. Part of my world has been made easier and more fun because of you Steve.
Although I never met Steve I nonetheless feel a deep personal loss as I am sure a lot of others do.  Steve was a modern day genius who made our lives more enjoyable with his creativity.     This world was blessed to have him for all too short a period of time.    May his family take comfort in knowing that thousands also share their tremendous sense of loss.  ﻿
The world has lost a "one an only" He was an incredible person with an extraordinary passion for giving us the most unique products. We watched in awe as we waited in anticipation for his next genius creation.God Bless Steve Jobs and his family
Thank you Mr Jobs....not many people can say they changed the world....and actually mean it!  You made it cool to be a computer nerd!  We will miss you.
I never met Steve and I don’t think I was even that great an Apple fan, but I felt sad when I heard the bad news. Steve was more of an icon to Apple than the apple itself. he surely had a unique personality.... may he rest in peace knowing that his legacy is much more than technology. May G-d bless his soul.
Perhaps the greatest man to have ever lived.  I wish you all the best  and hope that there will always be "One more thing."
Although I never met Steve, although I never was in the same room as Steve, although I never even saw Steve walking down the street I feel a terrible loss &amp; want to express my sincerest condolences to his family &amp; friends.  The world has lost a great man.
You will be missed Steve. Thank you for all you have done and created.  Your  vision and achievements in technology aren't just "cool" but have made lives better and brought people closer.  You were missed when you, understandably, left apple this year and will be missed even more now that you have left us for good.  Thank you, thank you, thank you, and rest in peace.
You have changed computing and our lives.  Rest in Peace a great soul.
Steve, I never knew you in this life, but I wish you good fortune and a  meeting in passing during the next life.  I honestly thank you for the  contributions you have made and the wonders you have bestowed upon us  all.  Finally I thank you for getting me started on a path that could  have gotten me nowhere but has led me to my thirst for knowledge in all  things geek.  This is dedicated in loving memory to an icon in the Information Age.   May we continue to move forward and further our capabilities.
Thank You Steve, for countless life enhancing contributions.  I imagined a world where you never existed and it is a much darker place that I want nothing to do with.  Instead, our lives are made much easier.  Your early contributions started a wave of technology that literally changed the world as we know it.  Your new contributions could be considered even more impressive.  The world owes you a debt that could never be re-payed in dollars, yen, or any other currency.  Every time I look at this beautiful screen with an apple silhouette I will think of you.  Thank you so, so much for everything... You will be missed.
Not only is Steve at the heart of Apple, he was behind the amazing technology and creative spirit at Pixar.  Thank you, Steve, for the wonderful gifts you gave the World.  You have changed this place for the better.
Thank you Steve for creating a culture of excellence at Apple and for never compromising on the details. Apple was our creative agency's client in the nineties. It was an extraordinary era when you re-built the company and executed your vision -- iTools, Tunes, iPhone -- and I got to be part of it in a very small way. Since then I've taken what I've learned at Apple in terms of standards and discipline, to two companies and enjoyed an exciting ride. Its been hard to reproduce what I experienced at Apple. I am just glad to have been working under your visionary leadership and to have had a part in your history in my small, modest way. You will be missed and what you taught me will remain stamped in my dna for the rest of my career and life.
Genius! He inspired me in so many ways since my very first Apple II. Now I am  typing in a Mac. I do have my memories, and he is part of it. RIP Steve
This is a man who has made me who I am today. The creations for which Steve and APPLE have introduced to the world, are something that will change the face of technology forever. I have been working on APPLE computers all my life and have grown to appreciate what it has done for me and my family.   Thank you Steve and everyone at APPLE. Keep it up!
I just wanted to say that as an 18 year old no one has inspired me more than Steve Jobs.  Mr. Jobs has inspired me, to always keep innovating, never say that's good enough, and even to go to school for IT and one day I hope to have the honor of working for Apple, the amazing company that Steve Jobs created. My thoughts and prayers to the Jobs family and Apple employees as we go through this difficult time. I would like us to remember Steve Jobs as a visionary who revolutionized the way we interact with our technology in a magical way. I wish you all the best.
I want to thank Steve Jobs family for sharing him with the world. His  presence will greatly be missed, his contributions, everlasting. Thank  you, Steve, for your dedication to perfecting your products before we,  your customer, even knew what we needed. God bless you and your family.
God bless,  The world has lost a great man in Steve Jobs,  our thoughts to his family, friends and work colleagues.
Thanks for helping us to think different!
Though we do not know Mr. Steve Jobs personally, we felt his genius around us. His work and his creations have inspired us, that nothing is impossible. We pray for his family and friends. We were blessed with Steve Jobs. Life will never be the same without his ingenuity.  God Bless.
We will miss you Steve Jobs. You were a man before your time. To the Jobs family-The entire Apple community mourns with you.
I feel honored to have lived in the era of Steve Jobs- a visionary for our times.
You will always be remembered as one of the greatest minds of all time. You will never be replaced. My house contains several (pretty much all) Apple products. You were and will always be, one of my heroes. My condolences to the Jobs family and to everyone who mourns the loss of this great man around the world. You will forever be missed.
Simply Thank you. You have change not only my life but the life of billions of people. You have inspire me in my career. You have inspire me to become a better person an d a better professional. We haven't lost you. You will remain in the memory of each and every person whom with your creativity, passion and intelligence you've inspired them. Thank you.
It's a very sad. One of my goals in life was to meet Steve Jobs. He has been  a motivating figure for me in my life. I look at his success and realize anything is possible. Steve embodied the American dream. I'm truly sad that I will never have the opportunity to meet such a brilliant mind.
My prayers go out to the Jobs family and the Apple family. I'd like to thank Mr. Jobs for all of the ingenuity wisdom he has brought to this generation. He will be truly missed.
Thank you Steve for the vision you have shared with us, the world. Thank you  for the technology you have introduced to our lives that we can't live without now.  May you finally be at a place of peace and rest.  God bless.  You will be dearly missed.  Thank you.  Love and condolences to your loved ones.
Just to share our condolences from Mexico, The world has lost one of  the greatest geniuses ever. Thank you Steve for making technology so fun and grab to everyone. rest  in peace
The world lost a genius! He shall be remembered and missed forever!
My heart is broken. As a young adult, wandering the creative fields, my life was given a singular focus and drive when I discovered my first Macintosh computer, many years ago. I have become a driven and successful person because of it.  Thank you Mr. Jobs. You saved my life and made it what it is today.  I already miss you like I've known you all my life.
A great loss to the world, for humanity and technology.  Rest in peace.
I am a huge supporter of Apple, I have been all my life as I am 22.   Steve Jobs was such a visionary that he was able to usher in a whole   new era of technology and to that, it really means a lot for the   world. He has touched every single one of us in some way shape or   form. Even though I never got to meet him, I knew a lot about him and   considered him my idol, my superman of technology if you will. To the   entire Jobs family and friends, my deepest condolences for your loss.   To Apple you lost a father, but you will pull through. Rest in Peace   Steve Jobs.
As a teacher I would like to say that Steve Jobs and Apple have impacted so many young lives.  The technology is world class just like the man who created it.  He will surely be missed.
Didn't know you...But "i" will miss you - You changed our world one Apple at a time !!  R.I.P. Steve Jobs - Leanardo DaVinci of the Modern World !!  Think Different .........Yes.......... "i" do
Dear Steve, I never got a chance to meet you, but followed your career and was a fan  of your products. You shall forever be remembered! The world has lost a  remarkable mind and a pioneer today, one that taught us how to endure  adversity and face unfavorable odds. May you rest among the stars, where you truly belong!
I've been crying since your passing. You introduced a new world to me, one that'll never be the same again. You did your thing, man. You went out like a  lion. Wherever you are now, I wanna see it revolutionized by the time I get  there.  With infinite love
Heartfelt condolences to Steve's family and loved ones. His products have changed the way I do business and his story gives me inspiration to achieve great things. RIP
You have inspired so many... You will be missed...  So long Steve!
May your soul rest in peace Steve. You ruled the world.
I'm korean. When I met your company's product I think It is awesome. And I've got that over and over again. You are my mentor. I live in Korea but I will remember you forever. I hope you rest in peace.
In a sentence,   "He changed the world.  My world." Thank you, Steve.  You've NO idea how much of a legacy you have.  Millions of people  just like me, will bask in it every day.  You have no idea how much you will be missed by the millions of us who never even got to know you personally.  You never knew me, yet, you changed my life.  A heartfelt, thanks.  You will be sorely missed.
Steve is almost the father of the computer as we know it today. He built an amazing empire that is prolific and still growing. I say thank you to Mr. Jobs because without him, the modern informatic wouldn't be the same, at all.   Thank you and rest in peace.
The world lost. The world cries. The world looks back and seeks understanding of who this man was. The world looks at you, and you've modified the creations of man. Just great. Just jobs.
To Mr Steve Jobs,  We never met, and we never talked although I've sent you several emails before. It's such a pity for me that I never had the oppotunity to see you in person.  As a genius and a legendary figure that is really larger than life, you've been my mentor and changed my life. I will always remember to "Stay hungry, stay foolish." and "follow my heart".  Would like to talk to you again in several decades :-)  R.I.P
It’s hard to believe that such as wonderful visionary will no longer be with us. Thanks to Steve for changing the face of technology and building an empire of wonder and fun for all of us!
Steve, who will be better than you? Missing you and your genious ideas!
Thank Steve for being such an innovative person, for bringing us   technology that we can be proud off, that is worth our money. Thanks   for your intelligence. We will miss you.
The world has lost a great man, and a great mind. Thank you, Mr Jobs,   for your vision and for ushering in so many products that have   enriched and improved our lives. My condolences to the Jobs family,   and the Apple family.
I would like to give my utmost condolence's to the Jobs family and may God bless you.  America is losing one of it's pioneers. There are only a handful of people that can be said to have left a lasting impression on the world. Steve is one of them. He will be missed. His passion, vision, drive is what will be missed by all.   Thank you for everything that you have done.  God Bless!
Steve surrounded himself with the best of the best. He was a brilliant businessman and Apple will continue with his vision at the forefront of their core mission: the enduser. RIP
My first apple product was a macbook when I was in 3rd grade, now im in 8th and it works as fast as when I just got it. From then on, I have always looked up to Steve Jobs. Thisdeeplysadens me of hisdeath. I wish his family the best of luck.  Thank you for all you have done Apple.
Many people want to meet actors, singers, pro athletes and so forth. The one person that I ever would've wanted to meet was Steve Jobs. He was a role model and huge influence in my life. It's very hard to believe that I could feel this sad for someone that I never got to meet, and I wish I had. He will obviously always be remembered, but I will not remember him for the iPhone, MacBook or iPad that he created, but I will always remember him as the visionary that  pushed through so many boundaries even when times were tough. His products were only a result of his mentality and vision of a better future. That's how I want to live my life. He will always hold a very special place in my heart and mind.     RIP Steve Jobs
My thoughts and prayers go out to Steve's family, friends and the people of Apple. He has changed all our lives for the better with his vision of using technology to enhance our lives.  He will be missed dearly.
We feel so sad and sorry for this. Hope him sleep with peace.
I owe to this man's vision, man I never met, most of what I am today. This was one of the men that makes me happy to have lived this life.
It's with a heavy heart I write this, never has the passing of someone  I've never met felt so strongly.Steve Jobs was an inspiration to people, not only in his own company,  but in the whole world. Truly from my heart, may he rest in peace.Thank you for all you have given us. Thank you for thinking different.  My condolences to his family, in a time like this it's hard to imagine  what you must be going through, may it bring some ease knowing that he was  a hero for many of us.
Thanks for Everything... You will be dearly missed... I love Apple, will always will and its all coz of you.
I feel that one of his most enduring legacies will be that somewhere, somehow, someone will change the world (much like Steve has) - and an Apple product will be at the heart of that.
Its been an honour and a privilege to grow up at a time, when i was little that a mac was considered a great dust collector, and nothing more. To then be in a world where the macintosh apple symbol, no longer reminds people of food but rather of one of the most impressive corporations ever built. As an innovator, the dream is always to make the world a better place or to change it in some way. Steve jobs, has personified the image of an innovator, bringing us into a world that only the creators of startrek and starwars could of imagined. He has changed the way we do everything, talk, sell, buy, share, invest, save. Through countless innovations and products, and he has made the world a better place.  I have never had the honour of meeting the man, and i really do not often bother to care about an important public figures death, let alone to write about him, or to the people close to him. But if you did have a chance to know him, you should know that steve jobs made the world a better place for all of us. May he rest in piece knowing that his legacy will have changed the face of the earth forever. And may future generations be blessed enough to know someone who has even an ounce of genius that steve had.  --
Enjoy the Cloud, Steve.  Thanks for it all.
What a loss - it's surreal. What a strange thing to feel like I have lost a friend and a mentor - someone that I feel I knew so well even though I never knew him at all.
When I started my university in a big city, a friend showed me his IPOD, I've never seen anything like it before, it's 10 years ahead of everything. Thank you Jobs, for bring so many great creations into this world.
Dear Steve,  it deeply saddened me today to find out you left us.  Savior of the now huge Apple Company, your views, your dreams and goals,  all together represent what a Genius is in our Modern Era.  I bid you a personal farewell, Steve even if we never met in real life.  I will surely look for you when my time comes and hopefully then I will  get to know you like I have dreamed so many times these past years.  Thank you for everything you have done for Mankind.
I wanted to write all of you together to let you know how saddened we were to hear of Steve Jobs passing.   He was, and will be present in every moment of our lives.  I'm confident that his creativity and extraordinary capability of envisioning the future will  guide us towards a better world.  Our sympathies
Steve Jobs, my respect to you! You are an inspiration to one and all!
The world has lost a legendary innovator. Through your work, the world has seen massive evolution on technology. May you rest in Peace Steve Jobs, and thank you for all the contributions you have made to this world.
Rest in peace Dear Creative Genius, Thanks for every thing you have make it for the humanity &amp; to the computer tecnology we used every time , we will never forget you dear genius we will remember you at all time , I say for every one How see the Apple logo or used anything from Apple when you see this logo or use this product or this softwares remember this man (steve Jobs )   Sorry for my bad english that's all i can say  Thank's Steve Jobs
This is great loss for the humanity... My most sincere condolence.
hello  Steve wherever you are reborn-because rebirth is a must for you as "an inventor par excellence", the earth needs you to be reborn as an inventor to provide us mortals again another example of how to fight odds and yet live every day like there is no tomorrow, inventing, reinventing and creating gadgets that makes life of mankind so easy-not realising the tragedy the inventor went thru all along  May your Soul Reinvent again.
The world will never forget such an amazing human being who changed people's life in more ways than we will ever imagine. Steve, you have ultimately completed your journey on earth... we will all pray for the Creator  to give your wife and kids the ability to handle and deal with such a big loss. May God accept you in his kingdom!!!!!!!
Steve will be missed. He is the Da Vinci of his time. Rest in peace.
Putting feelings in words loses value...  He influenced not only my life with all the Apple products but most important he was the mentor i've always had next to me when making personal and business decisions. Thank you Sir Jobs.
Steve, I feel like I know you. You have had a great impact on me and  so many other lives. For me you have had the greatest impact on the  world of any man in the digital age. I will always love and treasure everything about Apple. Well done on such a good life. Rest in peace.
You inspired me to do what I want to do and be who I want to be... Go and shake things up there.
One of my role models since I was very little, and am sure an  inspiration for the world. Rest in peace   Mr. Jobs
Dear Steve: As a result of your life, we have a better world. You will be greatly missed.  Thanks for your creativity.
Steve's soul will live forever through the company that he helped shape and the company that shaped the future.
We all thank you, Steve, for changing the way we all think and now live, for which we are indebted.  Your contributions to society cannot be matched. May your soul rest in peace.
we have lost one of the special person of apple. I am sad for his dead and I will pray for him and his apple
Dear Steve,  You always taught me through your energetic presence to 'love what you do and do what you love', thanks for that simple words that means a lot as a reminder to fulfill our life with passion!  Rest In Peace Steve, may God be with you.
To Steve's family and friends, my thoughts and prayers are with you all. Thank you Steve for making products that inspire and continue building our dreams into reality.
Dear Jobs, I hope that you will live in peace and prosperity in  Heaven and continue your great career to serve the kind people in  Heaven!
Steve, thank you. Humanity is proud of you. God bless you. You are the friend that I never met. Is so sad that you are gone, but we know that you are just waiting for us.
I had the pleasure of having many interactions with Steve during my seven years at Apple (1978- 1985). These were among the best years of my professional career. Steve was an inspiration to us and will be greatly missed. My wife, Lucy, joins me in extending our most sincere condolences to his family. May he rest in peace.
I have owned Apple products my whole life: from an Apple II, to a Mac 512k Enhanced, to a Performa 6300, to a Powerbook 500, to a Mac G4, to a Powerbook G4, to a 60GB Video iPod, to the original iPhone, to an iPod Shuffle, to the iPod Touch, and to an 8-Core MacPro and a MacMini. Back in the day, I even remember looking longingly at the Lisa during a trade show!  I don't consider myself a "fanboy" by any means. I can be quite critical of Apple products; oftentimes frustrated by the company's decisions.  So why keep buying Apple products?  Because they work for me.  Thank you, Steve, for providing me with the tools that have consistently made my life better.  And I look forward to a great future for your beloved company.
Steve, I cannot take in what is going on right now. You were a visionary, a  mastermind, and most of all, a great human being. Looking back on what  you provided the world and invented for all to experience is nothing  short of perfect. You were my role model, the person I looked up to, and  I find it so hard to realize that you are gone. It makes me so sad to  know that I will never see you unveil new products anymore. Your  keynotes and ideas always inspired and amazed me. I'm sure you are in a  better place now. Please Rest In Peace Steve. My thoughts and  condolences go out to your loved ones, friends, and colleagues. You gave  me so much and I am truly greatful for that. I wish it could all be  taken back. You are amazing. I will miss you more than ever. Thank you Steve.
You were a mentor I never met. A friend I never got to know. You inspired me in ways that for the world I will now show.  Sent from my iPad, straight from my iHeart.
I'm really sad that he died at such a young age, such a great person, such a great engineer. I cannot stop crying. He gave so much to this world.
Steve made our life better. All I can say is Thank you.
I was saddened to hear of the passing of Mr. Jobs. I have been an educator for 13 years and have used Apple products since I began my teaching career. Apple products have truly shaped my teaching and the way my students learn in a positive way. I have Mr. Jobs to thank for that. He will be missed.
Today we just lost the single most important person who made writing this email and sending it across possible. If it werent for Mr Jobs, computers would have wound up in govt offices, multinational companies, factories,universities, all the possible places which wouldnt have been accessible for general public!  The common home users, who comprise 70% of the computer users now whould have been left aspiring to see a computer if Steve wasn't there. My gratitude and thanks to the man, an icon, an inspiration, a visionary!   The world WILL miss Steve Jobs, No one can remotely be compared to the Awe-Inspiring LEGEND
Steve,You're an inspiration, I live through life everyday with an apple gadget  on my hand, you certainly changed the way we lived. Thank you, may you  rest in peace.
The only time I have heard Steve Jobs give a speech was watching the  keynote address for one of the iPhones.  All I can remember thinking was  how charismatic he was, and I have went on to look at him as one of the  finer examples of a public speaker as I pursue a career in political  science.  Apple, and undoubtably the world, has lost a true visionary.
My Condolences to the entire Apple community. So long Steve...you changed the way we look at computers...your innovations being the best out there! Thank you.  We'll surely miss you! Rest In Peace. A passion for creativity from a creatively passionate!
Dear Apple,     I hope that everyone at Apple can adjust to this very rough transition. Everyone will miss Steve and I hope that his family continues to improve over the coming months. He has influenced the company in many directions as well as assisted the direction of the engineers and employees.      We all appreciate you for all of your diligence in creating wonderful products and services.      Thank you.
Dear apple members, I am sad to hear that one of your most respected colleagues has passed away. I  will hold Steve in my thoughts and may he rest in peace.
My very heart-felt condolences to Steve's family, friends and to all those at Apple who worked with him and loved him.  As someone who has grown up on Mac's from the first Apple Mac in about 1986 (in Australia), I have benefited from Steve's extraordinary creative genius and vision. I am so very sorry that he is gone but so very thankful for all that he did during his life.  He is an inspiration to me.
The one CEO that earned his pay and more.  Sad to see a good guy go.
Not only was Steve Jobs an innovative genius but a courageous soul in his fight against pancreatic cancer. His creativity is beyond words and his seemingly unfathomable creations have changed my life and countless others. He will truly be missed and I thank him for sharing his wisdom and love of life.
Steve Jobs has brought me MANY HOURS of enjoyment and I am GRATEFUL for his life and that I shared some of my life span with him.
My most sincere condolences to Steve's family, friends and the whole Apple corporation worldwide.     Steve's spirit will remain with us in every iPhone, iPod, Macbook... We will never forget... We will always be inspired...     Good trip, Steve!
Steve Jobs puts the "i" in our technology. Our thoughts and prayers to the family and staff of Sir Steve Jobs. You were a LEGEND.
To The Family of Steve Jobs;  I wish to send my deepest and most sincere condolences to the family of Steve Jobs and Apple employees.  I bought my first Macintosh in 1984 inspired by the ease-of-use of Apple technology.  That initial purchase hooked me into a 27 year romance of Apple innovation, technology, and products.  Today, gray haired and aging, every time I turn-on any Apple product I admire Steve's ability to make superior products for humankind that work with minimal effort and bring great joy to use.  For me, Steve Jobs has been a visionary that enabled productivity and creativity of the first order to the end-user. I will miss his commanding presence that drove Apple to become the world premier company that it is today. Steve's spirit will live on through the products he helped create.
People such as Steve, who change the world,  come along once in a generation. All of our lives are richer because of him.  "Do not follow where the path may lead. Go, instead, where there is no path and leave a trail."
A very sad day for everyone. His brilliance and innovations have forever  changed the face of the entire world.
Tonight the world lost a true genius, visionary and all round incredible human being who created a company that made insanely great products that truly enriched our lives and made the everyday turmoil much easier to get through. He may be gone but will never be gone and will always live in through the products, visions and legacy he put in place. R.I.P a true legend. Warmest condolences to his family and the entire Apple family.
I didn't actually know Steve Jobs but I find myself weeping because he  has touched my life each and every day in so many ways.  The world has  truly lost a treasure of a visionary with not only the ability to see  something but to make it happen and to create a culture so dedicated to  that vision.  My condolences to the Apple family and to his family and  friends who have lost so much more.
Great person, wonderful achievements and contribution to modern  technology - World has lost a great person whose contributions will be  remembered for many many years to come. My sympathies with his friends,  colleagues and family.
Rest In Peace Steve. Thank you for all your innovations. All of our lives have been truly changed by you. Whether we are a Mac or a PC, your visions have made it's way into our products. Your products have been used to produce most of the entertainment we consume, especially that from Pixar entertainment. Steve Jobs, you are an icon, and will be greatly missed.
R.I.P. Steve!  My deepest sympathy for the family, the friends and all the Apple’s employees.. or should i say his other family.
I may not know Steve in person or never would have but the world has lost a great man. As president Obama said in his address. I found out about Steve"s death on my iPhone. I have always been a great admirer of Apple products and  to learn that the person behind it died tonight is a shock to me. I want to send my deepest condolences to Steve"s family. May his precious soul rest in perfect peace. We love u Steve!
Since the first moment I got my hands on an Apple computer in the '80s, my world was never the same. Bye, Steve. You DID change the world.
Saskatchewan, Canada will miss you Steve. Thanks for dedicating your  life in order to improve millions more.
Dear Apple, I am so sad that you all have lost such an amazing human being. Steve  Jobs was truly a genius and will forever be missed. God bless his soul.
RIP Steve jobs, you have changed the world, you are an incredible man, no one will ever forget you, you are a legend that I honor, you have created so much and you have worked so hard, you had an incredible vision and words cannot describe my feeling and such right now, RIP Steve Jobs, I love you, I shall always love, honor and never forget you abs your impact, theres so much more I wanna say but words just can't describe... RIP Steve Jobs.
Steve Jobs was an amazing man. I didn't even know him and I'm sad. I  love Apple and I know it wouldn't be what it is without Jobs. My  thoughts are with his family right now - I can't imagine how difficult  for them this must be. May he rest in peace.
Great Man, Great Visionary .....World will miss him, feels like a personal loss to me.  He will be remembered forever for what he left behind for the world.
I didn't know Steve personally … but I feel as if I have lost a true friend.  I'm sure Steve is up in Heaven right now teaching everyone how to use an Apple device! Thanks Steve for all that you have given us! The world will not be the same without you … you were truly a visionary.
Hi, i just want to say that all my thoughts goes to Steves family and that he has been a man to remembre.  Love from Norway.
I am at a loss for words.  This is a very sad day for all.  Steve was such a visionary.  He had the ability to create excitement in people!  Very rare.
He was as you say a visionary man that will be greatly missed.
感谢你为这个世界所做的贡献
Steve Jobs was a huge inspiration to my high school. We will be donating our  old computers and getting new ones soon in memory of him. Without him we wouldn't have many of our school activities. We pray to him saying thank you and rest in peace.
Thank you for your great devices and products.
Although I never met Steve Jobs, he inspired me to be more creative.    He inspired me with possibility.   I trusted Steve Jobs to create  products that made my life better.   I am sad and I will miss him.
Steve,  May peace be with you as you begin your next journey.
Today we lost a great man who change the way we function through technology. Steve Jobs is an inspiration for me.
We love you!  Thank you for everything you have done for us!
My original Apple II.  I still have it, and got it out a few months ago to mess around with it.  Booted up like a charm.  Little did I know that this would be the beginning of a life long partnership with Apple.  RIP Steve, you've made my world a better place!
It is sad to hear the passing of a visionary that moved the world forward and those that worked for him. Rest in peace
What an amazing leader and visionary we have lost way too early.   Aaron  "Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication" Leonardo DaVinci
Dear Steve Jobs,  You were a captain and leader for me. I wish I met you.  Everyday I promise I will follow your sentence:  Stay hungry stay foolish....
Steve Jobs brought magic and creativity to millions of people from Hollywood movie-makers to pre-schoolers playing with their mom's iPhone. I know he has passed on his vision to people who will carry Apple into the future.  God Bless you Steve and condolences family and your extended Apple family.
Steve Jobs was a great and innovative man. I give my sincerest  condolences and wish his family and friends comfort in this hard time of  their lives. His memory will forever live on in Apple's work and in  memories of him.   I myself have not had the pleasure of meeting him. But he will live on  in my memories of his company and ideas. He will forever remain an idol  to me. To start from little and build one of the most powerful companies  in the world is inspirational, and I hope to have success in my life, as  he did his. Again, my greatest condolences to his friends and family.
All my wishes go out to Steve Jobs and his family. Truly a AMAZING man. Not only for what he has done with Apple but what he has done for the world.
Thanks Steve.  You made easy  what people had thought to see difficult.  You made lovely what people had been used to see ugly .  You made colorful what people had been forced to believe dark and monotonous.   You made light what people had carried heavy.  We love you, Steve.  Enjoy watching us on CLOUD.
To Steve's family and all the staff at Apple,  Thank you so much for all the wonderful work and products you have given the world... I am and have been a Apple person right from the beginning. It was the only computer I could use and enjoy not only for its functionality but also because they are beautiful... I guess the creation always resembles the creator in some way and perhaps Steve was able to take the beauty of the human mind and make it oh so functional and beautiful all at the same time. The iPhone is a set beyond amazing and is so much fun... Thanks so much!  Please know I am so sorry for your loss! And so thankful and grateful for all your hard work and beautiful creations. Please keep his spirit alive through EXCELLENCE and pride in all that's come before... My deepest condolences.
It's a sad day. RIP Steve Jobs. Thanks for letting us be a part of your Apple family over the last 6 years. If you ask my two little girls who took a bite out of the Apple logo - they will answer "Steve". You'll never be forgotten.  Our thoughts are with the Jobs family during this difficult time.
Now that he's gone, I think it's safe to say Steve Jobs joins the ranks of Bell and Edison in the history books.  My condolences to those who will truly miss the man as well as the inventor, his family and friends.
Thank you Steve for creating a product that brought my 4 year old daughter into the world of technology.   My iPhone was the first device she learned to use, and she loves using it to this day.     I will think of you every time I see her face light up while using your product.     Thank you.
Dear Steve, Thank you for creating a culture and an environment that I am both proud to work in and invite others to experience as well, you were a modern renissance man and the truest example of a modern visionary this world had. You have been robbed from us at much too young an age. I am proud to be a member of the apple family. Goodbye Steve, and one more thing........you will be missed.
‎24 years ago, a 5-year-old version of me sat at Epcot Center, listening intently as the narrator's voice described the future, promising that one day I would hold a phone and be able see the person I was speaking to on the other end of the line.  A few months ago I connected to Facetime for the first time. On the other end of the line? My father. 800 miles away.  Thank you, Steve.
Steve     In any place wherever  you are, we will always remember you...     Thank you for your legacy.
A true legend, pioneer and the best public speaker I have ever seen. We are truly grateful for the work he has done in the past 20 years. Thank you Steve and Apple.
My partner Jim and I would like to express our sincerest condolences to  the Jobs family.   Mr. Jobs has changed our lives and the world with his  innovation.  He will be sorely missed but never forgotten.  Thank you Mr. Jobs for all that you've done for humanity.
He was for our generations what Edison must have been for the  generations of the early 1900s.
Thank you for making the world a better place. We will miss you. RIP Steve.
Dear Steve,  You inspired me as a leader and human being. I will miss you.
I thank the man and the wisdom and creativity he built with Apple, To all employees of Apple and to Steve's family "I am so very sorry for your loss"
My deepest condolences for your loss. He's already a legend. Saludos.
For giving so much of your life to better ours. You are truly the Thomas Edison, the Albert Einstein, the Picasso of our lifetime.   God Bless You Steve
I am really saddened by the loss of Steve to this world. I have no words to express as I put my kids to bed tonight having just found out about him!  I did not know him personally but now more than ever will always feel a sense of loss and be reminded of him as I use my Apple products every day!
Steve changed the world, literally.  When one thinks of success, Steve come s to mind.  Steve will be remembered by children, and will be a name mentio ned in the far future, to resemble the change in the technological world.   Steve is the reason i have this beautifully working machine in front of me,  and the reason music has influence on my day to day life.  the only messag e the world needs to send to him is thank you. Thank you.
Dear Steve,  We miss your passion, vision, and most of all, yourself. Rest in peace.
Thank you Steve, for bringing joy and happiness to the lives of many.
Steve, to say you changed the world is lightly touching the surface.  You now join Bill Hewlett and David Packard as extraordinary visionaries who gave us the future of business today.  Few people are so gifted.  May you rest in peace and may your foresight and creativity pass to health care to give the boot to cancer.  You will be so sorely missed in a world that is in such dire need of exceptionaries.
I did not know him personally, but he has made huge impacts on my life nonetheless. My condolences go out to those who have lost someone personal to them.
The world has lost a brilliant visionary but I'm so grateful for his contributions. He truly changed the world for the better. He will be missed.
I am very grateful for Steve Jobs. working at the Apple Store at  Woodfield Mall in Schaumburg, IL I learned my strengths and weakness.  Steve built a company that gave back in so many ways. Every product is  an investment in each customers passion. Every employee knows that they  are enriching lives with a culture that promotes individualism,  creativity, and allows everyone to live in a technological world without  the need for a degree in engineering. I will never lose what Apple gave  me; a deeper understanding of myself and the self-confidence to aim  high. Steve will be remembered fondly.
Add me to the list of admirers.  Thank you, Steve Jobs for doing what you thought was right.  Nothing makes me happier than people follow their dreams. . . and you really seemed to love yours. Thank you.
Thank you for all these crazy ideas that changed our life's and our world. We will miss you!!!
I will feel a pang of sadness and loss every time I open up my shiny macbook pro or turn on my ipod.  I cant believe I feel so upset over a man I have  never met.  Rest in peace
The world lost the biggest star today. May he rest in peace.
Thank you!!!!   Thank you for supplying the world with many devices  that i love and  millions other love you may have gone but you will not have been  forgotten
Steve Jobs helped us take the great leap forward from the first home computers to pocket-sized, touchscreen devices such as the IPhone that are so irresistably user-friendly that a baby who cannot yet fully speak or walk can use it.  Before  Steve, all I can remember is a blinking white cursor on a black screen. I studied computer science in the early 80¹s, and the arrival of the Macintosh was a revelation ­nothing less than the unforgettable 1984-style commercial would have done it justice. It was truly a beacon pointing the way to the fulfillment of technology's promise to be a friendly and useful part of our everyday lives. None of this would have happened without Steve, a visionary whose guidance has helped touch every part of the way we work, communicate, create and play.  Thank you Steve, for all you have done for this world ­ you will forever be a part of us.
A great and brilliant man, a great visionary, more than that, I would say he is the "greatest salesman in the world".      As a Filipino who utilizes and enjoys the technologies he has revolutionized in this part of the world, his breakthroughs will be sorely missed.     Rest in Peace Steve Jobs, though the whole world mourns your passing, it greatly appreciates your unrivaled contribution to mankind in the area of technology. You are a legend.     God Bless.
We were pioneers with Steve, purchasing one of the first Mac computers for our design company and have been with him ever since. We are devastated and stunned. No words can express our sorrow. We feel like we have lost a brother....Our thoughts and prayers are with his family and friends and to all those whose lives he touched and changed.
Rest in Peace Steve....what a brilliant mind he had. I've been an apple fan since I owned my first, an apple iic.  Thank you  for all the joy you've given your customers and fans.  Thank you for  making technology fun!  God bless.
So sad and sorry for the loss of Steve Jobs. A magnificent human being, a man that worked every day to see his dreams come true, a man that not only gave us amazing technology, but gave us a daily remembering of the things that we can do if we have faith, and if we work hard for what we want. He was a genius, a person that will be remembered forever, a very important part of the history of humanity. I know for sure that he is resting in peace now, and he is happy. We will meet you on the other side, Steve. Thank you for everything.
Thank you for the innovations that changed the world. Thank you for the products that made our lives better. Thank you for the ideas ahead of their times. Thank for taking the path untraveled while charting a new trail. Thank you for making the impossible seem not only possible but probable. Thank you. Rest in Peace, Steve.
Thanks for all your hard work and dedication to changing the world, you will be missed dearly ... My condolences to his family....  Rest in Peace my friend.....
Goodbye from Brazil Steve Jobs.  People like you make me proud of being human.
What a sad day. My deepest condolences to the the family of this visionary, Steve Jobs. My deepest condolences to his friends, colleagues, and all those he has affected with his work - which is everyone. Thank you, from the bottom of my heart, for making it so easy for me to send a picture of my baby niece and nephew to my family all the way in Eastern Europe in less than a second. Because of you, your vision, your innovation, your genius, the thousands of miles that once separated me from my family no longer exist.  You will be missed, but never forgotten, as you have certainly left many wonderful marks in the world. Rest in Peace.
We will miss your creative genius! May your next life be as great!
For years now I have followed the broadcasts of Apple Keynotes that  always featured Steve in his familiar, trademark dress. Watching him, he  acted like no other CEO I've ever seen. He was always laid back, casual,  and spoke on a personal level to his audience. Watching the Keynote felt  like inviting Steve into my own living room, and having him talk to me  like a friend. Keynotes will never be the same without him, and neither  will the world. May he rest in peace.
Dear Steve, As I'm sending you this email through my iPhone, Its an amazing feeling knowing that I was blessed to be in your time and see all your hard work and dedication you have done for the world!! Rest in peace Steve and I want you to know this that there's no one like you and there won't be one! Ever!
I remember Steve Jobs... the beginning of a new age of innovation. From the time that he began his career with technology, to the period in which he sought out the best of the best ideas. Today, I still utilize all my Apple products, because that spirit of Steve Jobs is with me and my family. Some of us may think of him the next day as someone who just recently passed away; he brought the goodness and memories into our hearts. I still will remember always the Mr. Jobs who brought the word "Apple" to a whole new meaning. One day we will all look back in our pasts and mourn the time of which Jobs created a blockbuster company so enormous, the world will see to it that everyone buys at least one product from the Apple website for centuries.  My deepest condolences, a true fan of the modern technology and the man behind it: Steve Jobs. (R.I.P. 1955 - 2011)
Rest in peace...  Thank you for the better world we live in...
I am so sad :( Thank you, Steve. For all you've done for all of us. I am from Sao Paulo, Brasil.  It's a sad day here ... All my condolence for the family ...
I remember the Apple IIe. Just starting High School, and taking this crazy computer class, I knew  that Apple was on to something. About a 2 dozen Apple desktops, laptops, ipods, iTouchs, and soon to be  my first iPhone later, I can only say thank you to Steve for all he did.  His journey; success, failure, and then greater success, has been a  guiding example to how I have lived my life.  Never afraid to tell us what we want, he did it his own way, and has  inspired the NeXT generation of human digital harmony....  	at least I hope so.  My condolences to all of you at Apple, you will miss him, but I am sure  that his spirit will guide your continued innovation.  Thank You Steve!  and Thank you Apple!
I want to say, that I'm really sad right now. My  thoughts are with his family and friends. It is a inner necessity to me to write a little note to express why Steve had an impact on my  personality. It wasn't his sucsess, or the admiration other people had  for him. It was, primarily, his tenacity in belief that he would achieve  something, if he just worked hard enough – against all expectations or  doubts. I am just 24 and sometimes I have doubts myself, if I will  achieve something of value in my life. But if I listen to Steve, an  interview, speech or keynote, I think to myself "he did something great,  because he loved it so much" and if I can mobilize the same energy and  passion, maybe I can do the same.  He is a Guidance to me, and he ever will be.  Thank you.
Steve,  I'm speechless. But i can not let you go before saying this to you. I'm just a regular guy from the netherlands and i want to thank you for inspirering me by your way of life, your vision and making your dreams come true. You are my one and only hero!
What a sad sad day. I never met him but he inspired me so much throughout my  life. What he accomplished was akin to the Thomas Eddison &amp; Albert Einstein's of the world and even though it is crazy for someone who has never met him, I felt so sad inside when I found out.  He inspired me to dream about technology in a way that no one else has or probably ever will.  For that I am selfishly sad to hear of his passing and think he will continue to inspire me like he always has.  My prayers are with him and his family tonight. Thank you Steve, thank you!
I write this on my iPad, I thank you for my iPhone, iPod touch, and my iMac.  You made my life a little better and happier. Steve jobs, you will be missed.
We have lost a great Icon today. My heart goes out to the Jobs family during this difficult time.
To Steve Job's Family and Team  I have followed Steve's story closely since 1986. I have read many of the articles, books (I have some on my bookshelf and two on my iPad), websites and anything else I could get my hands on.  His life has been an amazing and inspiring journey.  It is his passion, his thinking and commitment to the experience of the user that I admire the most.  May you all find peace and may Steve's legacy live on.
To Mr. Jobs Family, Friends &amp; Team,  Please take comfort in knowing so many of us out here admired,  respected, and truly appreciated Mr. Jobs.  Mr. Jobs fascination and  obsession in developing something the common man could use and love is  our loss as well.  God Bless All of You.
I am blessed to live while Steve Jobs was alive. He has affected my life.  I will remember him every time I use my apple products!
Well Done Steve, you left your mark on the world. Congratulations on all  your achievements in Life, You should be proud....  Rest in Peace Steve.
To the family, friends and colleagues of the late Steve Jobs, I offer my sincere condolences.     The fact that so many of us, from disparate countries and backgrounds, mourn the passing of this  great technological visionary of the generation is testament to the impact of his creative genius.     He changed the tech world.  Not many people manage that in their lifetimes.     I share your sadness.
Hi Steve,  You are the best computer scientist ever, combining all the technologies to build a nearly perfect system: Apple. The world remembers you, and we love you. Thank you.
I hereby give my message after the great man who was Steve Jobs. With his genius changed the world. In his private life, the family grew. An incredible human being, a visionary who was always on the cutting edge of innovation in the world. Pixar has created, and who made great films that delighted children and adults around the world. Apple's revamped image, creating great products like the iPod, iPad, the iPhone and Macintosh. He fought bravely, so far as he could, but unfortunately he left, although it was the best way possible: along with the family, quietly. Apple would not be as large as it is today without a major assist him, without his ideas, his genius and creativity. Sleep in peace Steve Jobs.
This is a truly sad day.   Steve was an ikon in the growth of the computer as a humanized tool. His creative genius had us wanting products that didn't exists until Steve told us and sold us on the concept. He achieved a standard that will likely never be duplicated again.   We will miss his creative genius.
Deepest Sympathy to Steve's family, friends and colleagues. A truly remarkable man who did amazing things in such a short life.  It's a dark day, but today when I put my ipod on I will take a moment to remember the man who brought us such technology.  RIP
We will miss you Steve Jobs. The things you have created,  changed,  and innovated will always be in our hearts and hands. Thank you for the wonderful world of Apple and the innovation that has been experienced with the world.
he was an exceptional human. a person class apart.his loss is a big loss to IT world
Very sad to hear of Steve's passing. Thanks for giving us your vision!
steve,   I cannot tell you how much you touched and changed our lives in ways we could never have imagined. I live in Egypt and I remember when the Ipod first came out in the US how much I wanted it and how much I wanted to explore this new world that everyone is talking about. I called my uncle who lives in rochester, NY and I said “get me that ipod when you get here in a month. And I want the black one.” When I got it I felt extreme happiness. The amount of music that I had on that ipod was so huge that my mom said “The man who created that thing created an addiction.” But soon enough she became addicted herself since she bought the apple Iphone. All I want to say is thank you for taking us on a journey and showing us a beautiful world that we never thought existed.   Thank you steve and RIP.
He was a genius. The one of my generation. RIP Steve.
You will be remembered by the world.  You have touched the world in moving us forward in technology. There was never a feeling of we can't do that in the Apple world.  I will miss seeing you on Keynotes seeing what your next surprise would be. You can rest in peace knowing that your legacy will live on.
First of all, my sincerest condolences to the Jobs family as well as the  entire Apple family.  Being on stage, knowing what we didn't know,  couldn't have been easy.  While I never met Steve Jobs, I'm incredibly saddened by his passing  because I know that his vision has revolutionized how I use and  conceptualize technology.  Aesthetically-stunning designs, intuitive  user interfaces, a committment to quality.  So here's to the crazy one. The misfit. The rebel. The troublemaker. The  round peg in the square hole. The one who saw things differently.  He  wasn't fond of rules, and he had no respect for the status quo.  We can  quote him, disagree with him, glorify or vilify him.  About the only  thing we can't do is ignore him because he changed things. He pushed the  human race forward. And while some may see him as the crazy one, we saw  genius. Because the people who are crazy enough to think they can change  the world are the ones who do.  And he did.  Goodbye Steve.
Dear apple i am sorry for your lose steve was truly a great man and did not deserve to die at such a young age. He was a visionary a true icon of of the brightness ahead in our future. Steve jobs was the face of apple but i believe you can manage without him you are the greatest people in the world I want to say thank you for all you have done for this world i have not had the pleasure of being to any of your events or test many of your devices but based on what i have i would have to say your company will live on forever and no event or tragedy will stop you Apple is Apple and i am very pleased to say Good Luck to you and please accept my  Condolences.
Thank you for inspiring us, for helping me realize that the dots are connected in retrospect.
I've through this email, to offer my condolences to the honorable man Steve Jobs. My English is not of much use, but I always had great admiration for this man. All citizens who knew and admired his work feel a great loss not only in America but also around the world.  I currently live in Brazil and despite the little knowledge I have about this amazing man, I can say I'm really saddened by this loss so early.  May he rest in peace and your path be illuminated by divine light, God bless.  After a great living, Steve Jobs and his teachings has to be taken as an inspiration to future generations.  Thank you for this opportunity to express my feelings for the loss of a man who for me will always be a global icon.
No words can describe what you have brought to mankind. A human beyond this world you have lived the example of how to pursue life right on every level.  Thank you!
The tears that fall today are all for you you've touched us all, you've made the world a better place so let's not be sad you achieved so much, in so little time thank you, may you rest and your brilliance shine for many years to come.
i think of him  every time i text on my iphone  i think of him every time i type on my mac i think of him every time i listen to my ipod...
The single most amazing individual of the 21st century. He has led the world with his gift to the world. I salute you Mr. Jobs. The small town Canadian, and the world has the utmost respect for you and what you have stood for.  Regards and deepest condolences.
Steve, your iSoul will remain in every Apple user and product has your vision and creativity will inspire us to think, and step, outside of the box.
Thank you for all you done for the world of computing. You will be blessed.
Thank you for all you have done for the industry you will be missed.
Thank you. Nothing more than that.
Steve jobs was a WORLD LEGEND!! Steve jobs was not an american hero, he was a global one. Apple has affected many peoples lives immensely! he was the reason i  could study, work, play and have fun with my macbook,ipad, iphone and  iPod. Its his passion and drive that played a major part in the world we  live in. Just try to imagine a world without an iphone or ipod. I believe that he was so driven by the idea of his illness and through  the last five years he shocked the world with phenomenal inventions  after the other. When i heard the news i got up and prayed to god that he may rest in  peace for the joy and happines he brought me and my family, first time i  got up and prayed in a really long time.  R.I.P Mr. Steve!! You will always be remembered as the man who changed the world for many  of us. Thank You from a proud owner of an iphone, a macbook, an ipad and ipod  which i will cherish for as long as i live as a testament of your great  achievement.
Thank you for changing our world and making it better. We are all saddened tonight but it brings us great comfort to know that Steve is in an awesome place that is bigger &amp; better than us humans can comprehend.  My love &amp; condolences to his family.
I feel very sad and actually weep for someone I have never met before. But Steve Job was a  big part of my work and social life. He will truly be missed. My deepest sympathy to the family, colleagues and friends of Steve. Rest in peace Steve Jobs.
Thank you for giving us the tools and the inspiration to make our dreams come true.
Thank you for this. You were truly an innovator, and a little piece of this world has gone with you.
Steve's vision has forever changed the world and helped make it a better  place. Steve was a genius, a true original, a humanitarian. The world  lost a great man. RIP Steve!
From another technology evangelist, you've transformed the way we work, think and live in the information age.  We'll miss you Steve, but rest assured in the knowledge your legacy will live on in the hearts and minds of all of us who knew or knew of you.
Me and my family are deeply saddened by the death of Steve Jobs   Steve’s brilliance, passion and energy were the source of countless innovations that enrich and improve all of our lives. My entire family is an "apple" fanatic and would save to buy apple products.  We will all miss the voice of Steve , an  amazing human being, who relentlessly give 110% all the time.  We extend our heartiest  sympathy to Steve wife and family. R.I.P
I'm so shocked to see this news on the website. I wish he can pass the sickness but this happened too soon. Steve Jobs is truly an amazing human being. Not only did he change the way how we use the smart phone but he also changed the way we listen to music. His speech at the 2005 Stanford Commencement is really inspiring to me. I'll looking forward to make my future better with it. Also im sorry about Steve Jobs loss to his family and friends. RIP Steve Jobs. You will always in our memories.
Our condolences to his family. The world has lost a very humble genius!
I never had the opportunity to talk with Steve in person, but my family and I feel deeply saddened, almost as if we just lost a member of our own family...    Thank you Steve, for your passion and creativity that revolutionized the world.  You will be missed, but never forgotten.    My family wishes to pass along our sympathy and heartfelt prayers to the entire Jobs' family in their time of grief.
The world has lost a visionary today! I truly feel humanity is worse off wit hout him! For years Steve and Apple have brought the world to our finger tips.  Please try your hardest to continue to change how billions of us work an d live.  Thank you for giving me a chance to express how I feel about his passing.
Thank you Steve!
I am so saddened about Steve Jobs passing away at such a young age. I am almost the same age as him, and although, as a layman  I was never an expert in any of the hi tech stuff; but as a consumer I always admired him for his innovation, intelligence, design , and how easy his products were to use. Just the opposite other’s products that were designed without a thought, and cumbersome to use. It is so sad to imagine such a genius had to face and experience failure , and the stress he must have felt when seeing his company, producing the best product on the planet going bankrupt. It must have taken a toll. He is gone from this earth, but will be remembered and live forever. Great man indeed.
Thank you Steve Jobs for all of your electronical wisdom and every thing you have created and gave us you will be greatly missed.
Dear Steve Jobs, thank you for all my apple computers I have used the last 18 years, and all the accompanying gadgets you dreamed up. May your crossing be in love. Several months back I watched a talk he gave to Stanford students and it really inspired me. "Stay hungry, Stay foolish" RIP Steve.
In 2002 I received my first IPod for my 13th birthday, which along with ITunes, opened my eyes and ears to the world of music and what it had to offer. Because of him and his wonderful device I have gained a hobby that I will truly treasure forever. Thank You Mr. Jobs, I am honored to be an IPod owner. May god bless you and may you rest in peace.
Steve,  Thank you very much....   PEACE !!
A deep condolences for our Steve Jobs, a big losses  of my iPhone 4 creator. Thank you Jobs
As I sit here tonight in front of my iMac I am just so thankful he was here to create these wonderful products for us. How much I love, appreciate my never fails me computer and my iPod Classic. Everyone one of us who owns an Apple product should take a moment for Steve tonight.
I am so sorry to hear this very sad news.  His pass away is not just the loss of Apple, it is a loss for the Mankind as whole.  I Just hope all people in Apple will carry on his creativeness and visionary forever.
Thanks to Steve for being the CEO of Apple, and inventing such great machinery. RIP Steve Jobs. We'll miss you Steve!
Mr. Jobs, you have changed the world. You are the greatest innovator of all time. You will be forever missed!!  Rest your soul. You and your work will never be forgotten. You truly changed the world.
Thank you for everything. You were one of the few people who set out selflessly to make this world a better place for every single person on this planet. You were stolen like so many other brilliant people from us, you will be missed and will be forever in our and mind and hearts. Sleep tight, steve. xxxxxxxxxxxxxx
We are not good with words...THANK YOU MR. JOBS, THANK YOU!!!
What you did, changed the world. I have to thank you for changing my world for the better. In that your inventions andforesight have improved my life 100%. My family sendssincere condolences to the family ,those at Apple Co., and the world cries with all of you who have benefited from all his accomplishments.
No one will ever be able to fill the space you've left vacant. My prayers for your family, and may you Rest in iPeace.
I was sorry to hear about the passing of Steve. I have always admired  and definitely feel so influenced by him in my daily use of my imac and  iphone. He was an extraordinary guy and I just discovered that we had  something in common I didn't realize..India..I was a seeker there in  '71. I saw a video online where he quoted  Gretzky...I skate to where  the puck is going to be ..not where it has been. That definitely was  Jobs from my limited perspective..a visionary..before his  time...anticipating, inviting and greeting change. I hope we do him  proud and use the technology to collectively move forward and meet the  challenges of lifetimes..to embrace our humanity wholeheartedly and  create a better world
Defined the millenniums first decade. Rest in peace Steve
In 1985 I went to an open house at the Ontario College of Art in Toronto Ontario Canada. It was a High School trip and while there I saw the coolest thing, a computer that had actual graphics on the screen, a picture of a lion as I remember. It was my first look at a Macintosh computer. A couple friends had Apple IIs at home but I had never seen one running, this tiny computer with a handle and mouse totally hooked me on computers. I went on to take Advertising and desk top publishing in college, Apple is the industry standard computer in this field. Steve was an inspiration to me, ignited my tech juices and passion. The world has lost a great entrepreneur, visionary and pioneer. His work helped change the way the world did everything. Goodbye Steve, God bless you and may the people you leave behind continue your legacy and take all that you have taught and given them onto bigger and better things in your memory.  Thank you,
Our world won't be the same without you.... Rest in peace.
To Apple &amp; friends &amp; family: Just thoughts of sadness for the loss of the greatest innovator &amp; greatest genius of our time.
Thank you very much, Steve. We lost a great, creative and visionary mind. You turn my life and my work more easy and fun.
I recently just bought my first Mac. It is a beautiful thing. On Facebook I saw that Steve Jobs had passed, and people were posting his speech at Stanford. I watched it, and cried as I mourned for someone I didn't know, but who's genius I was using to watch the video. While I was crying, I was reflecting on what he said and trying to take it to heart. Steve Jobs advocated for being your best self and loving what you do, and then showed us how through his tremendous life. The crying was brought on by the sadness his family must feel, but also the joy of seeing how people a person's life really can be, even if tragically cut short. I closed my computer and tried to concentrate on my school work, but couldn't get it off my mind. When I opened up my internet browser, the apple website popped up (my homepage), and I am so grateful for the opportunity to send my condolences. Thank you for that. My thoughts are with him and his family and with Apple and Pixar and everything he touched.
So sad to hear this news, I literally got home from work and jumped   back on my home computer and once the apple website came up I heard   this sad news. I have been working with his visionary products for the   past 20 years and certainly remember my first MAC computer, that was   released in 1984. I was designing some layouts for a brochure and it   was pure magic and certainly something new to discover and learn. I   have been a loyal follower ever since.  My condolences to his family, and may he rest in peace.
Steve,  Thanks for bringing us life, music, fun in a easy and cool way. I am sure that you'll  improve heaven a lot before we go. You're the man! You'll be missed.  Rest In Coolness.
The news hit me quite hard and I am deeply saddened by your passing. You were such an unrivaled visionary. The world would not be the same were it not for your genius. Thank you for never settling and for being the driver behind  the creation of the many Apple products that I own and love.
I just wanted to say thank you to Steve Jobs for everything he did to revolutionize the computer/tablet and smartphone industry......nothing will ever compare to your creative genius and the world is a much duller place now that you're gone! Thank god we still have the iPad2 to keep a smile on our faces on this very sad day.  Rest in Peace Steve, you will be missed more than you would've ever realized!
We will miss you!  But most of all we thank you for your vision, your determination, and bringing a bit of class into a seemingly boring industry.  I am sure this has been said before, but you changed an MCSE into a Mac Evangelist.
Dear Apple,  I was extremely sorry to hear of the loss of such a great mind, a great visionary and most of all a great man. Although I did not know him personally, it seams whenever I would watch an interview or a presentation he would give announcing a new innovative product, I felt like I did. He will be greatly missed by everyone all around the world. My condolances to his Apple family and most importantly to his immediate family. Rest in peace Steve Jobs!
For all my life I have heard about Steve Jobs as if  he was some changeless fact of Universe. So it really feels strange to hear he has  passed away and, though my interest about him has never been beyond my school books, I feel really sad to know that such a genius and special man is not among us anymore. Steve Jobs was an alive legend and his departure from this world surely leaves a sense of emptiness. To his family and friends, I would like to say that I am sorry and that I wish him to rest in peace.                                                     With all my respect and  admiration
We will not forget you, the way you change the world is different from others. Thank you for your effort to us.
Steve Jobs is truly a "world hero"  for his valuable contributions to  mankind. His contributions has changed the lifestyle of almost every  people in the world and in the way we do business. We and the next  generation ahead will surely remember you as an amazing human being.
As an aspiring journalist, I am deeply at a loss for words. I can't fathom the idea of such a terrible loss in modern technology, but his legacy in the company and in the minds of future innovators, will indeed live on. My heart goes out to his family, and the Apple Inc. "family" as well.
It is truly sad to hear that Steve Jobs has actually passed away at   only 56. Even though he has been suffering for the last decade, it   feels like it couldn't be true. He has changed the world in so many   ways and has shown people that following your passion will lead to   great things. Thank you Steve.
Thank you for making me fall in love with the tools of my trade.
I never expected to feel so touched by the death of a man I have never personally met, yet when I read the news of Steve's passing I felt incredibly sad.  Because of Apple, computers are fun.  That can never be taken away.    He is gone far too young, but will always be remembered. R.I.P Steve.
I'm so sad to hear that we have lost an amazing genius.
It's truly an honor to be in the same era as you. You are true inspiration to pretty much everyone in any field in the technology domain. I hope apple continues it's growth as you have envisioned despite losing one of it's greatest contributors.  May your soul rest in peace.  Sent from my iPad - that you have invented.
Steve Jobs, the visionary, has given all of us square pegs, inspiration to change the world. Your legend will accelerate into the future and will take with it all the dreamers who will accomplish great things. Cancer may stop the body, but the soul will forever move on. Peace, love and beautiful memories to all whomourn him.
What Steve Jobs has done with Apple will forever change how the world computes and communicates. His legacy will live on for many, many years to come. I lost my Dad to cancer in March of 2009. Our family sends sincere sympathy to the Jobs family and to his work family as well.
It's very complicated/difficult to understand how Steve changed the  world to make people comfortable with computers.  There was something  special about how he simplified our electronic/mechanical connection  with them; he had a feeling of how computers should work with people to  make us all feel good about our Macs, iPhones and iPads.  There's a hole  in in the computer continuum. I'm not sure he can be replaced.
Thanks Steve.  You showed the world computers are for all of us!
The amazing thing is that Steve Jobs will live on in our hearts......... and  in our iPods and in our iPhones and in our iPads and in our MacBooks.....and again in our hearts! GB &amp; RIP!
My life would not be what it is with out Apple and Steve Jobs. I learned math on a power mac.  I learned my trade on an iMac. I send my wife love on an iPhone. I'm inspired by the music on my iPod. I write on a Macbook Pro. I dream of one day owning an iPad. Through these devices I see the world, a world changed for the better, because of Steve. Long live Apple. And thank you Steve you will be remembered always.
Steve Jobs changed my life.  I build iPhone apps, and that's why I can live so happy.  Thank you so much Steve.  I wanted you to live a long.
Even though you knew it was coming it was crushing none the less.  One  of our worlds greatest visionaries is gone.  The world will never be the  same because of him or after him.
You will forever be remembered as the greatest inventor, that our generation has ever seen. You're an inspiration to us all.
Thank you a million Steve for all the magic machines you blessed my life with!
May God bless Steve and his family. He was truly an amazing man who gave so much to this world without compromising who he was. RIP Steve, you will be missed by millions, but never forgotten. Your legacy,  Apple, will go on forever. You have changed the world!
I never actually met Steve Jobs, but used to run into him in Palo Alto when we lived near his home. Once, waiting to cross the street at a light, I looked up and there he was, a couple feet away. I recognized him but didn't want to bother him. I was excited and in my head I was saying, "Hey Steve! I love what you do", but I just smiled. He smiled back a warm smile, the crosswalk light turned green and we went on about our way. It was my little brush with greatness.   I've been a fan from the early days of the Mac, and while I'm sad about his passing, I'm thrilled that he did what he did that affects so many lives in such cool and amazing ways. For that, I'm forever grateful for Steve Jobs.
Querido Steve.. Jamas he podido conocerte pero siento que siempre estas al lado inspirandome, no solo con tus comentarios sobre como se puede volver a renacer desde la nada sino como se puede volver a vivir. Hoy te toca partir hacia la meca de la informatica, espero que donde estes puedas seguir igual de vivo e innovador, quien dice quiza hasta inventes un nuevo sistema de entrada al cielo.Te mando un gran abrazo.
Steve  insipred many to follow ideals, to be themselves and to not be  afraid. He lives within all of us, and within Apple itself.
Thank you for everything you have done.  You are a visionary and a leader the likes of which we may never see again.
When I first started in the crazy ad biz, I was a 22-year old African American woman and my first job was at Chiat/Day. At my orientation, I saw the "1984" spot and thought, "Damn, I really like this whole advertising thing! And who the heck is Steve Jobs?"  Well, I never got the chance to meet Steve, but I thought then and always have ever since, that he probably has no idea how much he's done for humankind. I will miss his genius, his simple way of thinking and how he really made us all better. How lucky and blessed we all are to experience his genius.  What a man.   Lisa
Today a light went out that lit up the world.
Dear Steve.  Thanks for creating my best notebook. You were really the creater and person  with passion.
Thank you Steve for giving us so many amazing things in our lives.  I can say that our lives will never be the same and we have definitely become better because of it.  You have given us the opportunity to grow world wide as an Apple family.  Our bond transcends all race, sex and boundaries world wide.
Thank you steve for everything! Just bought my first mac computer, and  Its the best purchase I have ever made, incredible design, genius behind  it. RIP, your work is greatly appreciated!
He was the biggest innovator in this world. Losing him is like losing my mentor, my idol.  I wanted to meet him once in my life.. He will always live in my heart.... he will always be my idol...I hope to make him happy with what I do in life.  May he rest in peace!
Rest in peace, Steve. Condolences to family and friends.
I thank Steve Jobs  for making our journey with computers so much fun.   For making computers/phones that  I could use, could help my kids use,   and could teach my mother to use.  And for making computers that are   a  tool and not an obstacle to creativity. Condolences to the family.   May he  rest in peace.
RIP Steve Jobs, your genius will go down in history. To think that my  daughter has no idea who you were, I am going to change that. Thank You  for your life and your hours of devotion to shape our lifestyles today,  for the better.
You shaped the aesthetics of a generation.  Thank you, Steve.
Steve Jobs RIP! Steve Jobs is always going be Apple.  I had a iPod, a Nano, on my second iPhone and have MacBook Pro. I guess you can say I'm a Apple person.  The thing I'm always going remember Steve Jobs the most is the iPod. You can hold thousands of songs in the palm of your hand, it weighed about 2 and a half pounds or less. You do not have to be bother with cassette tapes or CD's anymore.  If this do not make Steve Jobs a genius, nothing will. I enjoy my Mac Book Pro and I would never give up my iPhone. I'm always in people face saying "I got the best cell phone in the world." All because of Steve Jobs.  My prayers go out to steve Jobs family. Steve Jobs you are truly going to be missed, but never forgotten. You do have your place in History.
Without you, my life as a designer would be completely different.
RIP STEVE JOBS YOU WERE THE BEST
I feel like I have lost someone so close to me... He is in every apple,  ipad, iphone, ipod... He was a great mentor even for those who didn't  know him... I'm a designer, and he is a leader for me, an example of  life... rest in peace Steve Jobs, and thank you for making our life easier.
I am devastated to hear of Steve's passing. Will there be another great mind like his? I prayed and prayed for his continued recovery and life. It is a loss of unimaginable magnitude. We are all so blessed to have benefited from his genius. God bless you Mr. Jobs. He was so devoted to the improvement of technology. I pray that his family realizes the impact that he had on 'everyday people' l ike me. My tears are flowing for the loss of such a great and quiet man.
If you think about it, computers would have not been the same.  He  developed the concept of a personal computer.  He made the mouse what it  is today.  He built the most valuable company in the world.  He is in a  better place now.
Un pésame y un reconocimiento
Simply put, he inspired my generation, and generations to come, which has truly changed the world.  May he rest in peace.
The world has suddenly gone a little less bright.  Steve, it is amazing how many lives you've touched and how many more you will touch in the years ahead.  May you rest in peace.
Steve Jobs touched my life by making great products: my first iPod was a white shuffle, my first laptop was a MacBook. These and many others I have purchased over the years have brought joy, productivity and a sense of awe. It was Steve's passion for his work, his belief in the things Apple made, that set him apart from the rest. The world is dimmer losing such a brilliant light.  My respectful condolences and thoughts to Steve's family, friends and the Apple Team.   May we all keep to belief that the world can change, and we can make it better.
He made a dent in universe and is a source of inspiration for us to know that we can all aim do the same.  He will go on to serve as an example to human kind in the future. He showed us how raising the bar makes things 'just work'.  I will go to bed at night thinking how we change the world because of you.
Steve was a great inspiration for me. I am as sad as if I family member of mine has died. He is the greatest icon of technology, retail and entertainemnt history. The greatest inspirational leader of mankind.
really i love this man i. dont knew him but i love his fighting and struggling to be one of the most noble man with his soft looking and the power of love that i can see in his eyes with strong determination he is one of the rare greatest men in our time.
You changed the world. I love Mac, iPod, iPhone, iPad, and Pixar.
He is my inspiration. Im not a techie person but his innovation inspired  to know work on my techie side.. With his innovation and technology  combined it gives me and other people to try the fast moving side of  computers.. Thank you and forever you will be in my heart and the  billions of people you inspired.
To the friends, colleagues and especially Steve's family, I wish you all my deepest condolences.    To Steve,   Thank you for reminding me to imagine again like a child.
You are the 21th century's icon
Thank you, Steve Jobs, for changing the way I work.
You are truly one of a kind. Apple is an outstanding company and it's all  because of you. You will be missed. But you legacy will remain strong  forever.
Dear Steve Thank you for helping visually impaired people like myself to enjoy some  great innovation in technology that enabled me to read and so to speak -  "see" again. RIP
To the Family of Steve Jobs  His innovation changed my life.  At a young age I was given and Etch A Sketch and Piano lessons, both tools I used to express my creativity. Years later, I would find there was a tool that connected those two experiences (expressing creative thoughts via sound and vision). My career path changed forever after taking my first graphic design class in college. I switched my major from Architecture to Graphic Arts.  My first and only platform was Macintosh. The Mac allowed me to be hired at a company where I started as a Jr. Designer and eventually left as VP &amp; GM of Product Development and Creative. That job allowed me to see the world. That job allowed me to live a very good life.  So I owe my life experience to Mr. Jobs - he made it possible for me to outwardly express what I felt using my hands and my mind.  You will be missed tremendously but never forgotten!
I don't have many heroes, but I am proud to say that Steve Jobs will always   be my hero! He taught me how to dream. He taught me how to live. He taught  me  passion for life. He taught me how to die! I will always love his  example of  life!  Praying for his family. May he rest in peace!!!!!!!
Steve was a very smart and creative guy. He had ideas of what some might have thought to be impossible and made the impossible possible. He will be missed by  me and millions more. R.I.P Dude
Thank you for making our lives so much more interesting and our futures limitless. Our hearts and minds are with your family and friends.
Dear Steve Jobs,  I know we have never met but if we had I would have thanked you and told  you about all the things that you have done for me. You devotion to your  products, company and fans was unmatched and will not be forgotten. You  are and have always been a hero to me and I wish you could here me when  I say "Thank you for being the man you were and I only wish you could  have been with us longer."
Es una grandisima perdida para la humanidad, para la compañia y desde luego para nosotros los que nos cautivamos no solo con sus productos si no tambien con sus historias de vida.Increible pero cierto, es una pena que se haya ido pero nos ha dejado su legado. que el señor lo tenga en su gloria.
THE WORLD HAS LOST THE BIGGEST GENIUS OF THE NEW CENTURY.....HE CHANGE  THE WAY OF SEE COMMUNICATIONS..
RIP Mr Jobs.    I would like to thank you for being a visionary and pioneer.  I remember the first computer that I'd ever seen.   We had a computer lab in our school filled with Apples - the good ol' Macintosh.  I used to love sneaking off to the lab and playing Oregon Trail.  I learned how to type on an Apple.  I remember getting an "A+" on the first research paper that I used an Apple to generate.  Granted, the research paper was only about 3 paragraphs discussing the solar system, as understood by a 2nd grader (but I still got an A+).   I was introduced to the world wide web on an Apple.  WOW!  My first computer was one of the colorful Macs (I think from the mid/late-90's or so).  From then, as I have grown into an adult, I've purchased my own MacBook.  My iPod kept me sane in law school.  I cannot go through the day without my iPhone and I am totally in love with my iPad.  Thank you for daring to dream and changing my life.  May your legacy live on.
steve, the speech  you gave at stanford in 2005 changed the way i see life for good. Ever since i have looked up to you, and remember your words every time i had a difficult choice to make. i have my regrets but for the most part i had succeeded in finding what i love to do, and doing it. And i owe you for that. I dont know if where ever you are now, this message will ever reach you. But rest assured your message did reach us and change us. Im still hungry im still foolish. Good bye!
STEVE YOUR WORK WAS GREAT. THANKS FOR SUCH AWESOME TECHNOLOGY!
I'm brazilian and I would like to say that his death is a really sad notice for all the world, that will rise up tomorrow without one of it's biggest minds, and person of the XXI century. RIP Steve Jobs.
The world has lost a creative genius tonight that no one can ever   replace. I was encouraged by my brother to switch from PC to Mac in   2007. I'd hesitated for years thinking I'd never figure 'it' out even   though my Art Director brother kept promising me Macs were user-  friendly. My world opened up after I purchased my iMac. I'll never   look back. I'll keep creating and honoring Mr. Jobs along the way, I   hope.  Thank you Steve Jobs. You will be sorely missed.
Steve Jobs created the coolest products on the planet. My whole family will miss him very much.  We pray for his family, friends and the whole Apple family at this time.
Thanks for all your hard work and accomplishments, Steve. You are a  great American innovator. God Bless and Rest in Peace.
thank you very much for all you did. you ARE my hero and i will always  keep you in my thoughts.
Always and innovator and a champion. My prayers to all who were his family and friends.
I live in a country where almost all hope is lost. Our children's education, hopes for a good future and safety and respect for life is almost zero... But your struggle, your life and your constant battle for new ideas even in the worst days, gives me a new perspective and better hope for the future.  My heart is at a low point today. My thoughts go to your beloved wife and loved ones. Your co workers and friends. Please...take a little bit of my love and warmth from a far away place that feels closer just because of your innovative ideas! You brought the world closer..made it more like a big family.
My husband works for Apple.  We owe everything we have to the wonderful company Steve Jobs' ingenuity has created.  My husband has found a job he, too, is passionate about. He is working for a company he loves.  He has begun his 5th year with Apple and hopes for many to come.  Thank you, Steve Jobs. Rest in peace
I am so distraught by the fact that this brilliant man is no longer among us.  He truly lived his life in a state of purpose and grace.  His vision, drive and creativity was so captivating. I am fortunate to have existed with him on this planet in his time to witness his world changing creativity.   The should change the dictionary to include:   Steve Jobs - Visionary Definition:   Brightly and intensely vivid Radiant, exceptionally clever and talented; outstanding; impressive  Synonym - Brilliant      My condolences to his family at home and at Apple.  I pray you all carry his light always.
...for all the inspiration, for the brilliant mind, for the help in my everyday work, for your legacy, for everything. THANK YOU, STEVE JOBS.  RIP.
To the Jobs Family thanks for your fantastic man.  He has had a huge impact on my life and family, from the humble Macintosh LC3 to the magical iPhone 4 I have loved the journey.  To my friends at Apple, Kia Kaha (stay strong).  RIP Steve.
What a great visionary and inspiration to others.  RIP Steve.
We remember you Steve for the great contribution you made towards the way we  think of technology.  Indeed this is a dark day for us Apple fans here in Zimbabwe    We never thought we will live to see this day.  It was our hope that your sickness was a passing phase. Although you passed away like this, we gain solace in the fact that your name is forever associated with success and what hard work can do.  You left an  undying legacy and a living testimony of what commitment means in the form of Apple Inc. We will miss you, but  one day we trust we will meet in a better world.
When I heard the news of his death, I was on a ferry in NY, checking Facebook. The news immediately saddened my day.   I don't know what to say because I'm still in shock.  He is one of few people who can give me excitement. I always look forward to witness his creative and charismatic speech.  He gave me a lot of inspiration. He taught me the importance of time and having passion.  We lost another genius. I will miss his all-seeing insight. I wish I could have seen him.  He is now gone but he will live in my mind forever and continue giving me inspiration and teach me a lot.
Dear Apple Family,  I work in Oncology Clinical Trial Research and specifically on a pancreatic clinical trial trying to develop a cancer drug that will help those patients diagnosed with pancreatic cancer. I truly know how horrible this disease is. I lost my mother to the same disease this April. I work hard everyday to help these patients and hope that one day we can improve patients' lives and cure this disease all together.  I am very sorry that Apple and the world have lost Mr. Jobs as he was a visionary and an excellent business man. My strong condolences to the Apply family! It is such a profound loss. I will take his memory and continue to work towards the development of cancer drugs!!
Thank you Steve for creating the iPhone which allowed us to capture the greatest moment of our lives--our sons birth!
Thanks for changing my life.
Hi I'm a graphic designer and fine artist. My first Mac was a 512 in 1985 and I've have numerous Macs since, including the one I'm typing this on. As an "art guy" I was never destined to be a "techie" but Apple enabled me to be one and to make a good living.Steve symbolized to me the same thing that other creative geniuses have, "Trifles make perfection, and perfection is no trifle" – Michelangelo. He will be missed.
It's hard to lose someone who has always been in my life. I watched you change the way people listen to music, communicate, and entertain themselves. For that I thank you. Rest in peace Steve, you will never be forgotten.
Rest in peace. Your spirit will be with us every time I see the Apple logo.
Rest In Peace Mr. Jobs. I can imagine only a few entrepreneurs that have impacted our lives so much.
Brazil is crying about this news.  We love he.  RIP, Steve.
I'm a brazilian 13 year old boy, and I would like to offer my sincere condolences to the entire Apple Team and Steve Jobs  family. I didnt knew Jobs, but he was one of the most important and brilliant mens of the world. He really was the best, in all the ways that a human being could be, as a person and as Apple founder. I will miss him, just like billions of persons. Now Apple will never be the same again, and the world had the Biggest lost of this century.  I dont know how thinks are going to be from now, without the King of the Kings. I dont have anymore words to express how sad I am, the world wont have anybody like him again, He founded the biggest and best empire ever!I dont have words to espress how I love apple products, and Ill always be grateful to Steve Jobs for giving me the opportunity of experiencing the pleasure of having an IPhone and IPod.
It saddens me deeply to hear of the passing of this awe inspiring creative talent. Steve Jobs was a true innovator! I was always like a kid on Christmas  morning when he was about to unveil Apple's next big thing. I will always admire the design of his products and the ability to always be ahead of the competition. It should also be said, that even when the competition tried to copy, they fell way short! Congratulations on a truly lived life! I hope to feel "Christmas morning" again in your absence.  RIP Steve!
What a great loss!  Sincerest condolences to his Family and Apple.
You will be missed Steve. All day I was using 4 of your products that made my life easier. Thanks you and I will never forget what you did for our world.
My thoughts are with the entire Apple family. Having recently lost my mother, I understand how hard it is to watch a loved one decline and suddenly pass away. Please find comfort in the memories you have as the world mourns with you.
Steve,  RIP with the title "Innovator" "Designer" "Father" and "Passionate Giver" to the world. You just cannot imagine how much you have changed our life style in our daily life. Seems like we takes things for granted until someone close to you is gone and then you reflect back all the great things he/she done.  RIP...   we will not forget you.  the world will not forget you.   if the iPod, iPhone, iPad can speak, they too will not forget you.
I've never felt such a loss for someone I didn't know.  God be with you and those who knew and loved you.
Loved you, loved your stuff, you were a class act!!  RIP
So so sorry to hear of Steve's passing.  My life wouldn't be the same without his extraordinary and brilliant  contribution.  I know that he gave the very very best a human being could give.  I honour and thank him from the bottom of my heart.  My love and sympathy goes out especially to his family, and to everyone  at Apple who knew him personally.  May his spirit rest in peace forever.  with love and sadness,
I've always been a "PC" person but admired Apple products and Steve's legacy.     If he had been a musician, he would have been John Lennon.     Thank you Steve for transforming a bit of our world into your vision for it.
R.I.P Steve Jobs. Not only a huge Apple fan but an even bigger Steve Jobs fan. Hopefully your in a better place.
My deepest condolences go to Mr. Jobs family and friends...  Every year I  looked forward to meeting him but that came to an end today.  I feel saddened by this news and hopeful that he left his legacy and a great company in good hands..  You will forever be remembered for what you have giving us.... You will be missed... God bless Steve!
A visionary who never really needed to see the future, because he built it.  Rest in Peace Steve Jobs, hoping your life could inspires others.
Steve-  Wanted to take the time to THANK YOU for all you've done to change the world—I personally thank you for making me a proud mac. As promised on my blog, I will officially post the apple stickers everywhere I can.
To the world a great lost, obviously. To the Apple a eternal guiding light. To me a special man who brought me hope and inspiration. Thanks Steve Jobs, you made a great job.
Rest in peace Steve Jobs. we will always remember you by Apple.
Steve was an innovator. He changed our world, no matter how far we come from, he brought us closer. His creativity united the world in more ways than one. He opened the doors for changes in business, education, society, communication, etc. I come from Chile, but live now in Cupertino. We came here almost 20 years ago, not for the American dream, but for the dream of a company Steve founded. - Honor Steve and keep his company going!
I am a 53 year old graphic designer. The first computer I ever created a design on was an apple.  I have make my living on an apple nearly every day for he last 30 years and I like it.  I talk on and show people pictures of my children with my iphone.  Thanks Steve - you made my life easier I am greatful
I don't know what to say. It was one of my greatest wish to meet steve jobs one day in my life even only to shake hands. He was inspiring me in so many ways. I  have to say that i start to get interested in his works in the last two years , and it was for me like a new world has opend. I feel kind in the way that we have some in common, life is to short to fullfill your ideas and Steve was  just starting. He changed the world in a wonderful way, he gave the computer a taste of soul, where nobody would have ever searched for this before. Nobody understands humans like Steve. His empathy for humans and computer was what he was best in, he understood the needs of the people and want to make them happy. He was a good man. He will be missed. My condolence for his family and his friends, also for the Apple employees, keep working on his ideas and dreams and he will be never forgotten.
Good evening  I send my condolences to the family of a wonderful visionary from a   product of his genius. I purchased my first computer, MacBook. It took   some time to pick out a laptop but I knew I had to go with quality.   His passion to make life simple and functional have proven to affect   many a marketer and consumer. One thing that I noticed with my new   boyfriend is that he has a MacBook Pro. I think he's a keeper. That   was the deciding factor. I mean he has to have sense and be a good   decision maker if he has an Apple product. I can't help but smile as I   think of how my family is such an Apple family. I am sure that you all   know the impact he has had on everyone's lives.  We appreciate, admire and love his legacy.
My sincerest condolences to the family and friends of Steve Jobs.  I have never felt compelled to write comments on blogs or websites but as I sit here at my desk in my theatre on Broadway typing this on my MacBook Pro, my iPad, which I use for reading music scores is beside me and my iPhone 4 is in my pocket. I also have an iMac in my home recording studio AND an Apple TV device!! To say this man had an impact on me personally would be an understatement to say the least.   This news was met in our orchestra pit with deep sadness and much discussion about what a true visionary he was.  His legacy will continue and his influence will be felt for many, many years.  Cheers.
grazie Steve.
Today the world lost a visionary, a man who worked hard to make the world a more fun place. He built a cult of die-hard fans who will NEVER give up their Apple computers. I thank him for that, my wife thanks him for that, and my kids thank him for that. Steve Jobs was one of a kind, a genius and a hero to people everywhere. RIP Steve, you will be greatly missed as we all loved you.
Thanks for all you gave and all you saw and passes on to us.  RIP.
I was saddened to see the announcement of Steve's passing.   I did not personally know the man, but his vision, his forward looking imagination, and ability to overcome great obstacles was amazing. Beyond all that though, we all could see he was struggling with his health and still managed to share his dreams and new products.   He fought a good fight.   For a man I have never met, I am in awe when I think how much of my life has been and will continue to be impacted by his life and work. Every phone call, everything I do on my lap top...my prayers are with his family and friends.
The legacy you have left behind &amp; your memory will live on forever. THANK YOU, and may your soul rest in perfect peace.
His famous address at Stanford University's commencement has to be one of the most touching, uplifting and inspiring speeches ever given, and remains my personal favorite. I hope his family as well as those closest to him are comforted by the knowledge that his genius will continue to influence and inspire people for generations to come. It's been a long battle; may he rest in peace.
Thanks for steve jobs redesigning mobile phone, letting us to enjoy technology, encouraging us to design product by user experience not by what the consumer said   Stay Hungry. Stay Foolish. Good luck in heaven.
Thanks Steve for inspiring humanity. We got a big step forward and I trully hope someone can get your torch and keep on. I'm really sad to see you go but at last you can rest in peace. Condolences for your family, friends, colleagues at Apple and everyone. You will forever live in your legacy.  Thanks a lot!
It was an honor to work for Steve Jobs, for Apple.   Today we say goodbye to a legend, to a person that came to this planet with one objective and can now rest in peace because he has achieved it: to change the world!   Thanks for being so great!   Farewell.
RIP Steve Jobs.. Apple will not be the same with out you and you will truly be missed :(
Thank you very much Steve. You will always be in my mind.
Steve Jobs has been so inspiring to me since I first got in touch with Apple at the beginning of this millenium. It actually led me to run my own blog about Apple and its products. The news about his death has caught me, like many others, completely off guard. Even if we all knew that this day would come. I can't express the sadness that I feel about it. In his visions, ideas and products Steve will always be with us. To his friends, colleagues and family I wish all the strength they need in these hard times.  Steve has changed the world and all our lifes in a way that only few people are able to and his legacy will remain for all times.  Thanks, Steve! Rest in peace.
I have owned two Apple products in my lifetime: an ipod and an iphone 4. Both were wonderful and enriched my life at different stages. Thank you for your hard work.
Thank you, Steve, for all you have done to make the world a better place. Your desire to bring innovation to the masses was truly an inspiration. May we all carry on your legacy.
Thank You for all you have done to better the world. The world is a less  creative place now that you are gone. RIP.
The world has lost a true pioneer .  I have had the pleasure of growing up in a generation that has seen technology go beyond what anyone could have ever imagined.  Thanks Steve for opening the future not only for myself but for my daughter who has only seen the beginning of what technology has to offer.
I never met Steve Jobs, but as a designer, he and his company have had such a  strong impact in my life. I use their products everyday. When I had a serious problem I could email Steve Jobs and someone would be on that Problem ricky tick.  As I said, I never met the man, but I miss and mourn him as I would a close and dear friend. Rest in Peace sir.
...changed the way I looked at computers, phones, shoot - technology even. Everything he did, he did it 110%. It's incredible.
Rest in peace Steve and strength for your family in dealing with your passing.
To see the looks on my 7 and 8 year old student's faces when they touch, hold, and use the ipad, gives me chills.  I am so blessed to be able to do two jobs that I'm so passionate about and intertwine them together.  This is all due to Steve Jobs.  I am a teacher and an Apple employee.  He will always be the man who saw a dream and went for it.  A dream that has forever changed the world for the better.  I am so grateful to be a part of such an extraordinary company created and perfected by him.  I send my deepest condolences to his family, friends, and Apple family.  He will truly be missed but always remembered.
To the team at Apple, I am so sorry for your loss and I will be thinking  of all of you tonight. Steve Jobs, you have changed the way we use  computers and phones. You have made the world ask "What's coming next?".  Thank you for changing the world. We have truly lost an incredible  innovator and a wonderfully creative man. So sorry for your loss.
It is such a huge loss to lose a great visionary like Steve  Jobs. He has been a source of inspiration to millions of people who have  ever dreamed of following their heart and believing in themselves.
Steve was the most amazing genius in the entire world. We will miss him  but he left us his best legacy..... APPLE!! Thanks Steve.
Apple Family, I got to know and follow the apple after having lived in the United States and acquired one of its products and the legacy of users and fans of their developments. Employees to follow its trajectory as an example for humanity and his family my sincere sorrow for his death. Steve Jobs - rest in peace!
You showed us that things can be always beautiful better and even magical.   You inspired me to see the world with a different, design conscious and keen eye.   I will never forget that Steve Jobs designed and was on top of those little things that made apple unique and made me someone that could appreciate the beauty in details.   Let go and let Steve.
I spent all my childhood and early adulthood wishing I had an Apple  computer. I finally have a pretty, functional, amazing, creative tool.  I wouldn't  trade it for the world.  I am proud of it and what I will achieve with  it. Steve Jobs made it possible for artists to work.  He was an artist.   Perhaps the greatest of our time. He left a legacy and made it possible for us artists to leave our own.
Being a Mac fan has been a part of my life for a long time. For three years in Middle school, in fact, it defined me: I was the Apple kid. It feels like... losing a favorite uncle who is also your personal hero. So I might sound pathetic when I write this... but it's what I feel.                  Why must genius die so soon?            Is it because the stars that burn the brightest                            Burn the fastest, too?                Thank you, Steve, for lighting my life                             And so many others                   Your life's flame has gone out                 But it will burn on in a million hearts                             That you ignited.
We will all miss Steve Jobs.  He served as an inspiration to me so that when I grow up I would like to be a businessman.  As an Apple Fanboy (what my friends call me), I am most grieved by Steve Jobs's death and I thought it was really sad that he maybe didn't get to experience the new iphone 4s.  Apple was really a great company and now is and always will be my most favorite company in the world and Steve Jobs will always serve as an inspiration to me and I will never forget him.
I was shocked nevertheless to see the message on the homepage even though it was expected. Somehow, because Steve had wildly succeeded with a second act at Apple I was also hoping it would be the same with life. The world has truly lost an amazing person. I have never met him but he has inspired me, made me more knowledgeable and my life easier, more creative. For that I thank him from the bottom of my heart. RIP Steve.
To the entire Apple Family and Steve's family,  Our deepest condolences.  My mother and I took computer programming  classes on an Apple IIe.  My 4 year old daughter learned Dolch  words and the fascinating world and universe on a MacBookPro, iPhone and  iPad.  We come home and often each one of us has an Apple product in our  hands, catching up with parents, friends, work and the world around us.   Steve, you brought the world to our fingertips.  You have lead a team to  vision for the possibilities of humanity in so many ways. We will miss you but know that the spirit of Apple and your legacy live  on.  Thank you.  A world mourns your loss.  Simply, you live on in every  start up chime.
Steve was always ahead of his time but that never stopped him. He should  be remembered for what the younger generation can be capable of. Steve  was once young like many of us and never stopped pursuing anything he  wanted, we should all live like it is our last day. In the world we live  in today where everything is connected, mostly thanks to Steve himself,  we should always be creating and pursuing. His life will be celebrated.
RIP Steve Jobs, I will be never be able to thank him enough for my   favorite electronic devices, my dear iPhone 3 and 4 and my MacBook! :'(  I think he was one of few real visionaries in the world. I've never   felt like this with any person i didn't knew in person. It is a real   loss for the world.  My sincere condolences for his family, friends and co-workers.
This is a very sad moment in my life as I am a tech guru, yet also a person and understand that we all are mortal.  My thoughts and condolences go out to Steve's family and friends.  As just a consumer I would not consider myself a friend, but Steve was one of my inspirations in life.  May Steve rest in peace and his legacy live forever!
RIP Mr. Jobs. I am just a lowly end-user but I am proud to say I am an Apple end-user  thanks to your vision. I, as well as the world, can never ever say Thank You enough.
i feel really bad about this lost..... he was an amazing person who was  an inspiration for me and many people, i know .... when i read about the  story of his life it made realize that we can try anything we want if we  really want what we try    but i am also  happy that he is with god now  in a better place than any we know... i wish nothing but the best to his  family and friends and i have to say that in name of all the people who  owns an iphone ipod mac or ipad etc ... THANKS !! for all the things you  do because although is just a machine it represents work and commitment  and for some people more than that.... so i think you need to know all  the people that work at apple what an amazing work you are doing and  that even though steve jobs is death he shall never be forgotten... i  don.t know who is going to read this but anyway thank you for an amazing  world of innovations
Dear Steve,  You left us way too young. You made America proud. Your life story is an inspiration. You showed the benefits of bringing creativity to all aspects of life. Not only were you brilliant, you were as fun to look at as your products. You simply were well-designed.   I'm sure you're hanging out now watching angels on iPhones and God/Goddess/the Great Spirit tapping away on iPads.  Now, get some rest up there.  Condolences to all affected.
I was a Luddite.   I graduated from college in the mid '80s without once using either the school's mainframe computer or any of the personal computers that were starting to appear in dorm rooms.  I became a teacher who created tests and other class materials on a typewriter.  And then, in the early '90s, I was assigned as a duty a period each day in our school's Mac Lab.  And it changed my life.  Within a few months, I bought my first computer, a second-hand Mac Plus.  And I've owned a long string of Macs ever since.  Thank you, Steve Jobs, for -- as Poe said -- daring to dream a dream that no one dared to dream before. Thank you for making the world a better place.
God bless Steve, thank you for making our world a better place.  Paul
He was one of the greatest businessmen in history! A visionary!
I decided to buy my first MAC computer because of one of his speach Macworld 97... RIP... He was crazy... He was a genius...
So happy for his life and sorry for his passing.  May warm blessings   surround each and every one of you.
I have loved everything about my "Apple experience" so far. I admire Mr. Jobs, the vision behind this company. Even his picture is SO inspiring.  Condolences and best wishes to his family.
So sorry to hear the loss of a visionary individual! His memory will live in the legacy he has left behind!
You were a revolutionary and one of the greatest leaders and innovators in this world today. Pure genius.
He was a unique innovator and inspired so many. He had a special style and persona. He cannot be replaced. I'm saddened today, and even though I never met him, I will be reminded of him  continuously. I will miss him dearly.
You have been such an inspiration to a generation.  You constantly raised the barand showed the world through hard workand determination one can change the world.   You will be missed by all.  Rest in Peace.
In this moment of grief, let us remember that Steve Jobs was not only a visionary, but also a father, a husband, and a friend. I am neither a friend nor a relative, but just like millions of other people, I remain inspired by his dedication and perseverance to create and redefine the new present. It was Steve Job's job to believe.  I am really sorry for the loss and I can only imagine how difficult this time has to be for all the people that were closest to him. No money, no power, no prestige can ever substitute for a man of such magnitude.
I am Aldo a student in South East Asia. I feel so sorry knowing that Mr. Steve Jobs has passed away. For me Steve Jobs is a real genius. This world has been so advanced nowadays, it is one of what he had made. As I know most movies used his creation to do the editing, also on image industries and music industries. He had changed the trends in the world with iPhone, iPad, Macbook and so on. He had made the people in the world become closer to technology. I honestly want to see more of his creations, but unluckily he has left this world. I hope all his family and his friends can be strengthen to deal with this sad moment. Thanks Steve Jobs, how would today be without your creation?
Thank you Steve.  You will be Missed.  I have admired your work for 30 years.  I am very sad.  My condolences to Laurene and his family.
Dear Apple Family,  I was both shocked and saddened to hear the news of Steve Jobs' death. I did not know him as a person but through his achievements he had done on Apple and Pixar. As I am writing this email staring on my IMac, I will always remember his words:  *"You've got to find what you love. And that is as true for your work as it is for your lovers. Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle."*  Little did I know that these words helped to guide me to choose the career path that I always dreamed of. Indeed my journey and passion with the job is just starting out, but I really do hope that I will be able to do all my works with the love and passion he had with Apple.  Please extend my sincere sympathy to your big family. My thoughts and prayers are with you all.  I know you will miss him very much as we all will. I am thankful that I had a part of him in my live and will continue to remember him as the great guy he was.
Thank you for all you have done Steve. Because of you, the world has  become a brighter place. Your innovation and groundbreaking products  will ensure that your incredibly legacy will never be forgotten.
This man affected my life deeply. He showed me how to do what you do with true love. Unfortunately death took him so early, took the man we all wanted to stay with us for so much much longer.  I love you Steve, rest in peace.
I sit on my couch with my MacBook on my lap....but I don't think about   the hardware...or even the innovation...what I think about is the   passion and the vision of an insanely great man who had the courage to   forge a path that was his and believe that by doing that the world   would be a better.  I hope I can have the courage to walk my own path with the same   conviction.
Steve,      I never met you. I never shared a word with you, but you changed my life when i needed it. Your Stanford speech is the best I've ever listened to and it helped me when I hesitated. You were one of my heroes, I just can't believe you're gone now. I thought that only stupid people would cry when a famous person died? until this happened. I know you won't read this, but I just want to thank you for changing my life and I promise I won't let you down on this.
Dear All,   We lost a genius! I honestly hope that his spirit keep inspiring the Apple creations forever!   Thank you Steve!
Steve has set the standard on what quality and taste means.   Everyone in this world will want their children to have that kind of taste.  This is actually a beginning (although sad) for the US. This is going to inspire the US to get back their edge  His impact is going to be bigger now than ever.
To our dearest Steve Jobs,  You are always our inspiration and motivation. You have changed our lives with your creation and you will always be in our hearts, forever..  With love, Your admirer
Steve is a visionary. I cannot think of anyone else in the world I would have liked to meet, and he's gone.  I'd liked to have thanked him for all of the people in the world he has left effected. His touch has been seen everywhere.
I have tears in my eyes as I am writing this Email. I never met Steve Jobs in person but I had a relationship with him through his great apple inventions. I happened to own almost every Apple product and have been so proud of each one of them. Very often I would stack my MAC book, IPAD, IPOD &amp; I PHONE and say look I am APPLE crazy. I always said there is nothing like a Mac or an iphone and all other apple products. What a human being Steve Jobs must have been. What a vision he had to bring out all this. My heart is hurting and crying. I feel sad beyond words. May God rest his soul.
To someone special,  Your revolutionary visions have changed my world and inspire my   children. We have always been and will always be in admiration of your   creativity. Steve, you will always be remembered. May you rest in peace.
It's been a pleasure working for you Mr Jobs!  I cant imagine my life without Apple!  May you rest in peace!
I am missing Steve!
Steve Jobs can't be gone... Steve Jobs is an apotheosis, he just can't leave  the world now. It's not right, he can't be gone! This has to be a nightmare. Steve Jobs has made me who I am today, I just can't bear this. ButwhereverSteve may be now, at least he has the satisfaction of knowing the entire world will miss him, and how much he affected it. So thank you Steve, wherever you are for all of the good you caused and the technological advancements you've brought that have impacted our way of life and our future. I'm crying  right now for you  Steve Jobs, you incredible man...
Steve, Never had the chance to meet you and yet, thru your ideas personified on Apple's devices, the legacy you leave makes you alive throughout the world. You will be sorely missed.
Steve, you are the man of the era, we really miss you.. hearty condolence..
Rest in peace, insanely great man. Such an inspiration for all of us.
Steve Jobs Will live FOREVER! One of the greatest minds of all-time.
I would like register my deeply condolences to friends and Family.  God bless you.
..will be missed.    
I'm not going to lie. I'm a PC user and have never really been a fan of Macs. But I can't deny what a revolutionary Steve Jobs was. The man changed what is expected of our computers, tablets, cell phones, music players, etc. Just about everything that we have today is based off of the model that Steve Jobs presented us. But more important than all these technological models he presented the world, he gave us a model of how we should be as humans. His charitable works, his desire to strive to be the best he could be, and his persistance to never forget who he was at heart despite all his succes is an inspiration to everyone.  RIP Steve Jobs... you will be missed.
My younger brother was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer recently. I sent him Steven Jobs' Stanford commencement speech which I found inspirational.  Steven Jobs has changed the world, and always delivered products that exceeded expectations. Unbelievable.
Our deepest condolences to you and your family.  You will be missed but your legacy will continue.
Steve you will forever be remembered with your products and all those who have tried and will continue to try to improve on your genius...you have laid a foundation for many.
I will always remember my first experience with an Apple in the  classroom.  It was in Minot, ND.  We watched as the rings of Saturn were  painted on the green screen monitor of the Apple II.  Thanks for all you did for education!  Your expertise and your  willingness to work for the end user experience will be greatly missed.
Just in time to see his genius transform mankind onto a new trajectory of mind over matter. Thank you Steve Jobs for your all. Rest now in peace.
In Pace Requiscat
Dear Steve,  Thank you so much for giving us these gorgeous apple products. I love  them! Now, I'm using your MacBook Pro to e-mail you. I'm using your  iphone to call my friends. I'm using your itouch to listening to music.  You will live with us forever!!
as a young elementary school principal in the san francisco unified school district i both met a computer and apple for the first time as i unpacked a box to uncover the apple lle which was shipped with a 'logo' floppy disk...  i placed the logo disk into the computer and following the directions typed in a series of commands which created a geometric shape, i then hit the return key and the shape rotated on the screen !!!!!!! whoa !!!!!!  in that  moment i vowed to place one of these incredible machines into each classroom in my school - language development, mathematics, problem solving, researching etc etc the possibilities and realities were endless   from each new version of computer from then to the ipod to my current mac book pro and ipad 2 i have been an apple devotee - my own abilities to function and make a contibution to the world in ways beyond myself constantly enhanced by steve jobs' genius and foresight  too short a life for his family and friends and colleagues - a burst of genius for the world that rivals any  his contributions will live on and grow.
I guess a higher power wanted the iPhone as well.  You are truly an inspiration to all.
It is really hard to say goodbye to you. It is so sad. I am a computer science student and you are the role model of our lives. We will always remember you. R.I.P. Steve jobs.
Steve,  The way you have shaped this company since you took aver has been  amazing. With your help and guidance, you have built amazing retail  stores all over the world that promote well-made products and a very  customer-service oriented atmosphere. I can't tell you how much I wanted  a job at the Apple store purely because of the amazing and refreshing  store experience. Three months ago, I got my wish and I've enjoyed every  single moment working at the Apple store, I am truly surrounded by  absolutely wonderful people; people that you have helped shape.  Thank you for your wonderful ideas, your wonderful products and your  wonderful spirit.  You will truly be missed.
I am sorry the death of Steve Jobs, a brilliant  creative and excellent businessman. A pride for your country.
I'm very sad. As an engineer, he is someone I looked up to. A visionary and a leader.
The would would have been a different place without Steve. There was and will forever be only one Steve Jobs. Truly an amazing person who will be remember and celebrated for years to come.
So He took Steve home. We are thankful that we were able to have him here with us for a time. His brilliance and determination are a roadmap for success to young people everywhere. We pray for peace for his famly and friends.   "Remember to always be kind. Everyone is fighting their own battle".
I was not ever lucky enough to meet Steve in person, but today I almost feel like I've lost a friend. Nobody I know can deny the impact Steve Jobs has made in his short time on Earth. For me, I have considered Steve a role model for many years. I can truly say I've never watched as many CEOs deliver products, keynotes, or speeches as well and as intelligently as Steve had. I admire Steve not only because he created countless inspirational, revolutionary, and paradigm-shifting products, but because he had the courage to follow his dreams and create multiple companies that have changed the way we all look at the world. To quote Apple's "Think Different" campaign, "Here’s to the crazy ones. The rebels. The troublemakers. The ones who see things differently. While some may see them as the crazy ones, we see genius. Because the people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do." Rest in peace, Steve. I hope you know what an amazing and inspirational legacy you have left behind.
I will sincerely miss Steve.  I've been an Apple fan boy since i got my iPod touch 2 years ago and it has been my dream since to meet Mr  Jobs.  My friends and I will miss him very much.  He has changed this world with Apple and I know my life has been changed by the remarkable products Apple has produced.  R.I.P. Steve, Greatly Missed, Forever Remembered.
REST IN PEACE. My dear friend, you made this tech world what it is now.  You build a company with an amazing future my friend. We will miss you! And all the geeks, nerds, and mac users in the world love you very much.  I'm one of your biggest fans, my friend. You'll always be in my heart as the  man of the hour :'( You will be missed dearly. A Genius in the making and one of the greatest innovators of technology  of 2 Generations! R.I.P Steve Jobs.
Very sorry to hear of Steve's passing. As a teacher, I used Macs every  day, and I held up Steve as an example for my inner-city kids to aspire  to. Steve democratized computing. He was the modern equivalent of  Gutenberg,with the same kind of revolutionary results. I am deeply  saddened. My heart goes out to his family.
Today we lost someone who really changed the world for many.  I want to thank you for making my life easier and more fun with your  inventions.  I hope you rest in peace, wherever you are! You will be remembered forever!
Thank you Steve.  I've used your products from the beginning and have  never wavered.  Thank You, Thank You, Thank You.
He is a great man, and we will miss him.
:(((((
Here is to a man that built computers the best way he knew how. Thank you, Steve, for your life.
Dear Steve,  I come from a communist country where everything was gray. With your vision you show me that the world can be better. You are the one who changed my life and I love you. You changed the world. Where ever you are.
Thank you, Mr. Jobs. You made life infinitely better and more creative ever since my first keystroke on an Apple II. You will be missed.
Thanks to Steve Jobs for changing the world. He will be missed. Keep his family in my thoughts and prayers.
In the 1970s a young man didn't know he would change the world forever with a machine named after a fruit: Apple. God rest your soul, Steve. All that is left now to say is: Thank you.....
The ordinary person on the street treasured Steve, along with those who  were in his circle of life on this planet.
Steve Jobs was a visionary, and a role model for me. I am 17 years old  and the President of my school and tomorrow I will transmit everybody my  feeling of how we have lost a wonderful human being that has inspire  generations.  Rest in peace Steve Jobs.  My condolences to the Jobs family and to all the Apple Corporation.
Thank you so much for bringing some of today's coolest technology. Tech world will never be the same without you. You will never be forgotten. Rest in peace, Steve Jobs.
Im so saddened to hear of Steve's death. He truly is the meaning of an innovator. I remember buying the first ipod years ago and how it changed music forever with itunes. Only for Steve I have an iPhone and I will never buy anything else!!  Rest in Peace now Steve you are on the way to Paradise!!  Lots of Love.
I started with an Atari 800 in the early 80's. My wife worked at a computer store and brought home the first Mac before they went on sale. This engaged me in the "computer world" and did more to advance my career than any other  single thing. It allowed me to write spreadsheets to better manage operatio ns at my company. I have Steve Jobs and Apple to thank for me being able to give my family a life they might not otherwise had. He not only did this for me but multitudes of other people. He will be known as the most significant person of my generation.
I just want to say thanks Steve for creating Apple. I own a MacBook Air and 4 iPods, and I can't tell you how important these devices are to my life. My music, my thoughts, my memories, everything is there. And that wouldn't be possible without the work of Steve Jobs and of you guys at Apple. So again thank you a million times for improving my life, and I want to give you my heartfelt condolences in this sad day.
Steve, you're still alive on those you touched with your words, your imagination, your presence, your humor, and your leadership. i didn't meet you personally, just thru the media, but it was enough to know the kind of person you are. a kind one, a brilliant one. the world will miss your presence.
My entire graphics career was shaped by Steve Jobs' vision of how computers should be for real people.
The iPhone that Steve Jobs has created has been more than a huge part of my life, as well as many other peoples. Only someone with a mind as brilliant as his could provide the world with technology with the capabilities instilled in all of the apple products. Even though not many of us were able to meet Steve Jobs or get to know him personally, everytime someone picks up an iPhone, iPod, or iPad it will be used in memory of Steve. As we continue to upgrade with Apple, every purchase, phone call, text, and download will be figuratively dialing into Steve's soul. These devices are now more than a phone, tablet, computer, and walkman, we all have a piece of Steve Jobs.
Although this is a sad day I thank God for blessing us with the legacy and genius of Steve Jobs. I pray that his friends and family will find the peace and comfort that they seek.
It was great at the time, but my cassette Walkman had so many imperfecti­ons. When the incredible iPod arrived, it simply blew it away, as well as the ghetto blaster! I still have my analog machines but cannot live without my iPod. He will be mentioned in the same breath as Isaac Newton, Thomas Edison and Bill Gates. The legend lives on. If nothing else, thank you for this wonderful music machine, Steve. 56 was much too early for you to leave us. Your legacy will be immortal. R.I.P.
My 4 year old daughter has cerebral palsy and can't speak, or walk. She is learning how to communicate, using your iPad. That machine is an absolute good ­ and because of it her life is becoming a better one.
Steve jobs was only of a small number of people that told me or shown me that success and happiness means being who you are, chasing your dreams and inspiring others along the way.  Thank you Steve Jobs for inspiring a nerdy country boy of Northeast Louisiana.
Steve Jobs, you will always be my hero.  You are an example for me and for my friends. You are an inspiration. YOU WILL BE ALWAYS IN MY HEART, IN MY MIND.
The happiest life I've ever had was based on your creation.  So...  Thank you, Mr. Apple!
I'm writting this letter because for me the news is not easy, for me steve jobs was more than a common person, for me was the man who give me the biggest lessons in my live. I learned so much from him without met him. he was and is my idol, because he can prove that we can do what we have in mind, we only have to wait for points to join in the future and we will see what has happened. He was a person who cannot see to the future, but he'd know what to do when the moment came. I'm so sorry.
Steve Jobs,a genius,a great CEO,a great designer, People in whole world will miss him I love him!!!  God Bless him
Thank you for thinking different and challenging everyone around you to do the same!
Steve Jobs was a great visionary, who's life has changed the way we view technology forever ... R.I.P Steve.
I never met Steve Jobs, but he has been an important part of my life for thirty years.  As an educator and technologist, Apple and Steve have been a partner and inspiration for that entire time, becoming even more relevant and important in the later years than ever before.  Thank you, Steve, for the gifts you gave the world through your design.  You will be missed.
What an amazing man Steve was. The imprint he has left on this world is amazing, and everyone has benefited from being touched by his vision for the future.   My love and thoughts go out to his wife and family who have lost a great man.    Warmest regards
Wow, I don't even now where to begin...  I suppose writing this e-mail will express the loss millions all over the globe are expressing at this very moment. I am recent convert to the Apple phenomena and have come to appreciate the leadership that has steered this company straight into the face of the future. Apple will undoubtedly continue to redefine how we interact with technology, but sadly that journey will have continue without the man who brought us here. SEE YOU IN TECH PARADISE!
No fair. So young. So much more to give.  Thank you, Steve, for fixing the Apple tree.
I'm so sad to have never met him personally, he's a man of substance beyond anyone else in existence.  Not a day goes by I don't think about Steve, and I say that honestly. Every time I boot up my Mac and hear that iconic "bong," I think of him. He's been my inspiration, and will always be.  Please, rest happily knowing you've changed the world, forever. You've made every day just a little more fun.
Steve Jobs will live on through all of his creations and unbelievable   creativity.  Every time one sees the apple sign, ipods, ipads,   iphones, desktops, notebooks, and thelist goes on and on forever he   will be remembered, his face will come to light andall the love and   respect we all have for himwill be passed on through generations to   come.  He will never be forgotten.  My heart and soul goes out to his family and friends at this difficult   time and I am sending healing and loving karma to all.  He will live   on for eternity.  Thank you Steve for all you have given to us.  Your love of knowing   there is always more out there to learn, share and experience will   carry on through all the lives you have touched.  A true apple believer and forever will be.
3 years ago, I got my first iPod nano, and I found I love this product. I started to buy them. I have nano, shuffle, touch, iPhone, iPad, MacBook, apple tv. I love all the products. And Steve Jobs is the most important memory of Apple. The black shirt, jean and the glasses. These are icons of apple. I'm so glad to see apple has became the most successful company in the world. I'm proud that I loved, love, will still love apple! Thank you, Jobs! Thank you for bringing the perfect and wonderful products. I'll remember you. Rest in peace.
RIP Steve Jobs. My prayers are with your family in this hour of need, as they prepare to lay you to rest. May your company always live on, and let it be as you wished it to be, and never anything different. Fair winds and following seas.
Dear Steve and His Family,  I would like to express my most sincere condolences on the loss of great visionary person, Steve Jobs.  I and our children owed many thing from you.  Thanks Steve.
Thank you for revolutionizing our lives.
Such a sad day for Apple and most of all for Steve Jobs' family. He was far too young! But he leaves behind a great legacy in the Apple brand and lived a pretty amazing live. RIP, Steve!
The legacy of Steve Jobs is present in all the people whom in any kind improved our life.
I know you are not reading this, but I just wanted to let you know that  you made such an amazing difference in my life, and billions of others.  You have empowered our lives with amazing technology and innovation that  only could come from Apple. You will be missed by millions.
I'll never forget standing in line at the Seybold Conference in San Francisco for over an hour just to shake hands with Steve.
My 2-1/2 yr old son may not know a time when Steve was alive, but his lifestyle would have been impacted in a big way by Jobs' innovation.  Condolences to the Jobs and Apple family.
Somewhere in heaven, Steve is showing God that "there's an app for that". Thanks for sharing your genius.
Remembering a man of inspirational words and unforgettable deeds. I shed a tear for those who loved him most and wish them peace in this time.
Years from now his name will be in the history books next to some of the greatest minds and inventors of all time. He's a modern day version along the likes of Benjamin Franklin, Thomas Edison and even Albert Einstein.He's changed our daily life.
r.i.p. steve jobs. you will be deary missed all over the nation..all over the world! you've given us so much, and with that your life and your spirit will be remembered for all time! &lt;3 :'(
You don't know me Mr Jobs but I, a 17 year old boy followed the beauty of your work.. I wish you could have lived longer. The world loved your work, your ideas and inventions flowed out of your brilliant brain like the waves in a river. I hope you passed peacefully and I hope, wherever you are you continue to make the world a better place. The billions of people in this mac filled globe bless you Steve Jobs. Love  The  People Of The World...   may you rest in peace.  Steve Jobs, your family will always stay close to you no matter where heaven takes you, no matter how far you go your family and your world is with... you.
In 1984, Steve Jobs gave the world the Macintosh and the Macintosh gave me a career and a direction in my aimless life. Thanks, Steve.
Dear Steve,   	You have been such an inspiring man and I thank you immensely  for everything you have done. You are a brave, creative person and you  will be missed. Rest in peace.
Thank u for being an entrepreneur.... thank u for being a visionary..... thank u for leading a global tech leader..... thank u for made this world more accessible for through APPLE computers.
You helped create the wonderful life I now live and you made the world a better place. I am forever in your debt. Thank you.  Oh, and one more thing...  I will always endeavor to stay hungry and foolish.
God, that Hurts! Now he's a Legend.
Dear Mr. Jobs fellows,  It's definitely a remarkable loss to the world and our lives. Mr. Jobs DID a difference and changed the world as he thought and as he could. Shall his soul rest in peace and he'll be doing his new role in Apple from, as he said "somewhere else".  My deepest feelings as a consumer, admirer and human being to the family of the iconic man of our life-time.
Aloha and mahalo, Steve Jobs.   You made Planet Earth a more interesting  place to live.  Thank you for all  your vision and direction.  Please send me  an email to let me know that  you've arrived there safely.  If anyone can do  this, you can. Looking  forward to meeting you in Cyberspace.
Whether it's an iPod or iPhone, we all have a piece of him...his dream...and his legacy in our pockets. Rest In Peace Steve Jobs. Your family, friends, coworkers and the world will miss you.
A wonderful innovator. A true master. Rest In Peace Steve Jobs.
We send our deepest sympathies to Steve's family and his friends.  We greatly admire and admired Steve. Calling him a visionary seems too   tame. We are so happy that he graced the planet.  We are, always have been, and always will be an Apple family.  Thank you, Steve.
We will miss you steve jobs. You were a great CEO. Rest in Peace. Apple will be the best forever.
"Hopefully you can keep on eye on us from up there, on your iCloud"
I was shocked by the news that Mr.jobs passed away.  I have admired his speech “connecting the dots...”   Its in my mind forever.     It was too early death.  I can’t believe and I don’t want to believe he is dead.     The world has lost a precious human beings.  He is great.  He is a only person who is built a “PC world”     His distinguished services will remain forever.
We mourn over the death of him. He did not go away from us, I believe. He'll be in our mind forever and ever.
What a genius!  I'm sad that we've lost one of the truly great innovators of our time.  A man who truly knew how to paint a vision, lead and inspire.  He'll be missed!
Dear Steve,  Thanks for the lasting impact on the world you have created. We are many holding a little piece of you in our hands on a daily basis and looking good at the same time.
Thank you Steve for having the vision to build one of the finest  products I have ever owned.
My condolences to Mr. Jobs' family. This is a very sad time for them,  and they are sharing it with the world. His family and his co-workers  are in my thoughts and prayers at this traumatic time. Thank you for so willingly sharing this inspirational man with us.
I will always remember you and your great inventions and ideas .. You may rest in peace and will always remember you ....
Steve Jobs was the inspiration of generations, an innovative spirit   that will always be present in the hearts and minds of the many who   lived through recurring far-reaching change that he influenced.  I spent over two decades in the graphics arts industry. I was there at   the beginning, traveled paperlessly with a Mac Duo in hand [now tucked   away in my memorabilia] and witnessed the disruption begin with   typography - a lost art-ist, and the many years that followed N E X T.  Peace be with you Steve - just a customer influenced by you.
I am truly and deeply saddened. As I write this on my much-used and much-loved MacBook, I am overwhelmed. You changed the world in ways I never thought any one man ever could. You will live forever and beyond in the revolutionary products you leave behind.  In awe and sorrow
I am truly sorry to learn of Steve Jobs's death.  I just wanted to extend my condolences to Mr. Job's family and to say thank you to this email address because it is the only place I can.  Steve Jobs has inspired me in so many ways and has changed my life for the better.  Thank you Mr. Jobs.
I was very close with Steve Jobs on a daily basis through the use of   the my MAC.  He was an extraordinary man with an unstoppable passion   for his creations.  I will miss him and his vision for Apple.
I Type this email from a product u created and write to the legacy you have left behind #RIPstevejobs you left a dent on this universe that u always wanted too and im sure u know it :'(  I cant believe this, Your a Legend..i hope i can be half the man you were.  RIP
Thanks for all you have done! You revolutionized the world, and we will miss you dearly! RIP Steve Jobs! My thoughts go out to your family.  Hope for many more prosperous years for Apple and the Jobs family!
Goodbye Mr. Jobs, you've not only changed the way we work... but also the way we think. May you rest in peace. Kosala
Definitely without Steve the world would not be as fun, visually pleasing  and sophisticated. Thank you Steve for the great products you created.
Mr. Jobs was the greatest innovator of our time, and history will  certainly recognize the fact. He personally has made my life a more  enjoyable place. Thanks for everything, Steve, and I'm sure Heaven is a  better place. RIP.
A sad day. I first typed a college term paper on an Apple II in 1984.    Have used many Apple products since then. Having constant internet access   through the iphone 4 I carry around seems so inevitable now that without it I   would feel I'd lost a piece of my brain.  I guess that's the mark of a   visionary product.   It's kind of heartbreaking to think of all the things that won't get   invented now.
You were the Da Vinci of our time and we can only hope that new heroes will emerge from the footsteps you've left behind. Thank you.
He was an amazing guy, and someone that will always be admired for his intelligence and motivation that everyone wishes they could have!
Words cannot describe the level of gratitude the world owes Steve Jobs.   Thank you for making Apple part of my life.
It is a sad day. What a lost? We lost a genius who bring fantasy to reality. He will always be remembered every time when I am on my iPad, iPod and iPhone.     Thanks Steve bring us all the wonderful technology tools!
I work for this Company and would like to thank you for all you have done, my family is in debt to you, we love you Steve to you and your family.   I would be working somewhere i did not like if it wasnt for you Steve.  I love this Company and we will make it shine for you.  Respects from my family   Please let me know what we can do in memory of him
The world has lost a truly remarkable human being and one who has changed the world and my life in an amazing way. He will be remembered forever as the man who man a persons touch a valuable thing and an imagination only limited by your thoughts.   Condolences go to his family and friends.  He may be gone but will never be forgotten!!
Bye Mr Jobs I would Like to Thank You for shared With Us your Great  Genius, You will be one of the Most Beautiful Mind of all Time, Thanks  for Improved  through your technologies Our Lives, You will always be an  Inspiring Mentor for the Next Generations. One Day I hope to Be like You  and with this big sorrow I have to say that from today the world is  poorer without You!  Rest in Peace!
We may have lost a visionary, but we have certainly gained an angel.   Rest in peace Steve
I don't remember how much money I spent by your words "one more thing!". I miss your "one more thing!" so much Steve. R.I.P.
Thank you Steve for your each inspiration for our life. Hope You are in peace right now.
Steve Jobs left the world forever more connected; truly making it possible   for all people to live together peacefully.   Rest in Peace.
May God be with you and your family at this time.
Steve Jobs was to Apple, what Walt was to Disney. He'll be missed dearly.
Thank you for your vision.  You have shaped the world in immeasurable ways.   Rest in peace.
My prayers are with the family and friends of this wonderful man. My prayers  are with the entire world as we have all been touched by this man in one form or another. Thank you Steve for your knowledge and revolutionizing technology in this world. The Lord has heard you and taken you from your pain. May  you RIP!
Our world lost one of the most important visionary...
im sorry for the best and only genius man in the world . we were going  up with him but now we are going down . REST IN PEACE .
You are the reason I've become an Apple man. I remember having an old Apple desktop when i was in school when they were the best around and ever since that point i haven't had anything but Apple. You've created an amazing product leading up to my Apple iPhone 4 and everytime i look at an Apple product I will think of you. Rip my friend, you will never be forgotten.
Living, breathing, working and enjoying life here in the silicon valley from '96 and  and knowing technology geniuses such as "the great Steve Jobs" lived here amongst us, we took it for granted and now  to hear he is no longer amidst us is impossible to believe.  But Steve continues to be with us all thru his babies the gadgets me you and the kids all love and cherish!  My family and I pray for his family and friends at this sad moment.
Steve Jobs changed the way I live in multiple ways over my entire life. I am still astounded by his genius. He revolutionized the world we live and gave hope to us "different" people. I will be forever indebted to Steve Jobs and yet continuously inspired by his memory to be the best I can be, because that is what he gave us.
I have been a "groupie" since 1984 - since the wonderful Super Bowl commercial. I will genuinely miss Steve Jobs's creativity and drive for excellence. The Mac is more than just a piece of hardware, it represents a new way to thinking about the world. And, Steve Jobs made it possible.
Steve Jobs,  You were such a great man. We would have never gotten this far in technology if it wasn't for you. You will be missed by millions.
Is it too late to ask for just one more thing? :( I never met him, but it was a dream. I dreamt with the day I could go to a WWDC to say how I appreciate every single thing he did to all of us. Revolution, vision. He was a great man, and I feel I can say with all my heart in the name of everyone that I'll remember him forever.
Steve Jobs will always be a truly great American innovator and inspiration!   Long live his spirit.......
I am not an apple fan but a great supporter of Steve. I thank him for all he has done for the computing world.      He will be sadly missed by all.     Deepest sympathy to his family and all his friends who knew him.
A most and interesting and curious man who became part of us.  He will live on in our hearts.
I learned about Steve Jobs and Apple through my girlfriend, who has been a   devoted admirer before I knew her. She loved the products, but most  important,  she greatly admired the passion and vision of Steve Jobs, and she had  four books  all about him. She went to every Mac World event, caught things  which were  tossed into the crowd by Jobs. She told me how charismatic he  was, that it was  like going to a revival meeting, with all the excitement. She  loved the story of  how Apple fought and won against the powerful  Microsoft. There are very few  public figures she admires, and Steve Jobs was one of  them   I don't know very much about technology, but through her I grew to also   admire the greatness of Steve Jobs. And so I am typing this with tears in my   eyes for someone I had scarcely known about a few years ago. As ill as he  must  have been for the last year, Jobs still took time to answer people's  emails  about his products, even debate with them. He was so devoted and  passionate  about his great love, Apple, and all it stood for. I wish I could  have  followed the whole story for as long as many have. I am glad for those  that have  been able to participate as it has all unfolded for the last  decades. Steve Jobs  will be in the pantheon of people who changed the world.
Apple is like a family member to me... I've loved my power mac g3 tower, My ipod brick, my silver nanos, my glistening white ibook, my airport, my 17" macbook pro, my ipad and my iPhones... And we've lost our papa bear!!!
Thank you to Steve Jobs for advancing the appreciation of design as a cultural phenomenon.  Thank you for making good design accessible and setting the bar for the necessity for intuitive use, and the elimination of needless complexity. Your influence will surely endure.
To all at Apple,  Please accept my sincere condolences for the passing of the great man  Steve Jobs.  I am truly grateful for for all he has given and for all Apple has  taught me.  Eternally grateful.
Ele trouxe encantamento e alegria à minha vida. Eu estava cansado dos produtos medíocres que seus concorrentes lançavam e ainda lançam, então quando pude compra um macbook tudo mudou.  Ele foi a pessoa que mais admirei em toda a minha vida e nesse momento posso dizer que compartilho da dor que seus colaboradores e amigos sentem porque, de certa forma ele faz parte da minha vida.  Que seu espírito mantenha-se impregnado na Apple e que seu legado seja respeitado.
Honored to live in the same era as Steve Jobs - Our modern day Edison. My condolences to everyone in the Apple family.
Thank You Steve for my MacBook Pro. I was a PC user for many years, but since last year I changed to Mac and now, I love it. It's  the best computer ever. Thank you for your passion and your efforts, your legacy will live forever in our lives. See you in heaven, dear Steve, create iPads there too :)
He was for me the ideal human being. A great dreamer, a great leader, and a wonderful man, and my personal hero. He was the man, that everything he's done were always inspiring. Thank you for all you gives to us, and for your legacy, that I hope will live for ever.
My biggest condolences to the friends and family of Steve. His Stanford Commencement Speech changed my life, he will be greatly missed.
To a great man and amazing visionary; a genius Steve Jobs. My family and I send the most heartfelt condolences to all Apple family.  Steve remains in our hearts.
Dear Steve jobs,  	I only found out about your death 2 minutes ago and I was  shocked to hear of your death. I think the world has lost a very  important person. You single handedly created the best industry and  company the world has ever known. You are brilliant, you made products  before people knew that they needed them. You were the reason that I  love apple today. I am only 14 years old but someday I want to be just  like you. I am so sad of your death. No one will ever forget you. Rest  in Peace.
The world is dimmer today, the night sky has a new light that shines bright.  Steve Jobs inventions brought me education, introduced me to my future career, brought music into my life, helped me keep close to my friends and family that were miles and oceans away...  but most importantly he and Apple gave my husband and I the tools to break the wall that autism built in our son. His great dreams and making them reality helps us keep our son's dreams alive.  For that we will be forever grateful.Thank You Steve! Keep Dreaming!  Our thoughts &amp; Prayers to his family and friends.
This man was one of the most amazing men in the world, and for that, I salute you, in heaven, where you belong.
I am just an 18 year old man who is extremely happy with his Apple  products.  But I would hope that someone from Jobs' family will read  this.  I have always thought that Steve Jobs was one of the most genius,  intellectual, master of his craft, people of our modern society.  He was  truly a perfect human being.  I read that he took 1 dollar a year for  salary.  I'm sure that has only been for a limited time, but the fact  that that was the type of person he was says a lot.  Jobs was a god of  technology and one hell of a great guy.  I wish I could have met him  myself.  He will be missed by  everyone.  I hope Jobs' family will be  able to deal with their loss positively.   Sincerely, someone who actually cares.
What inspired me most was his ability to change his focus from fighting Microsoft and others to embracing other technical powers to build better devices , technologies, and partnerships in order to create the best products and services for all customers. And create an envy in Apple's competitors! God bless you, Mr. Jobs!
Steve will never die. He will live forever in every piece of Apple  technology we love so much.  My condolences to the family and Apple staff.
we lost the last bright mind of the 20th century... i'm a mac user since 1992...now i got 24 years old... my life turn  around the simplicity of the things... and around of the philosophy of  "think different"... we can make the difference making a simple life...  Steve make our life so simple...<div></div><div>i'm thankful for all this things... this differences and simple  things...  we will miss you steve!... see you some day... in some iCloud in the sunny sky... all my condolences to the Steve's family, and to the Apple's family.  Steve: thanks for all!</div>
I feel like losing Steve Jobs is a big event in our lives.  I will remember how I found out like any other big event.  My roommate was on his computer and found out through a website when it didn't even get to any other main news sites yet.  I immediately pulled out my iPhone to begin looking through news apps for confirmation to no avail.  It was kind of ironic to be searching for the news of Jobs' passing with the iPhone he created.  It's a sad day...I only hope that Apple continues this visionary's legacy by continuing to make amazing products.  I hope the revolution Apple has created will not pass with Steve Jobs.
To the Jobs family and all his friends, my family is very sorry for your loss. Thank you for making such amazing products that keep our family connected and encourage our growth. Our son has known how to work our iPhones since he was 2, he is now 5. Thank you for the amazing memories around your products and the ones we can capture.
Steve may have past in his physical form, but his spirit will alwais be  with you. He was an idol to many, and a father, and a husband. He was very  intelligent, and truly inspiring, I wish the best for all his friends and family.
I'm 16 years old and Steve Jobs has been one of my biggest inspirations. I use a lot of his speeches and quotes as guidelines on how to live my life. He changed and innovated the world. The world became better because of him. Even  though he has passed away, his legacy of apple gadgets will live on. I bet heaven will be full of gadgets now.
Steve was a good figure to follow and imitate, always was a good example that nothing is impossible, you just need to be constant and have a vision.  i feel so sad for his death, but the entire world lost  a brilliant mind, and a excellent human being.  I'll always remember u.
No one knew what I wanted like Steve Jobs did.  He knew how my mind  worked- that was his vision thing.
To Apple, Steve Jobs has always been an inspiration to me as I progressed through  school, and even more recently as I've graduated and had to start  thinking about what I'll do with my life. Jobs' success after not  completing college, starting his own business from humble beginnings in  a garage and taking the world by storm has shown me that you don't need  to be a part of a system to succeed and that one's character and  perseverance will cause you to be admired and loved by everyone. Steve  Job's story and life has taught me to be steadfast and passionate about  what I do, excel in my strengths and improve on my weaknesses. Thank you so much for introducing me to a true role model.
Steve Jobs what an amazing person. I send my condolences to your family and your company. May God Bless you and your family. Rest in peace and free of pain.
Steve,  I have been sitting in front of my MacBook, thinking of what to write to  express our appreciation, gratitude towards you........but I just  couldn't find the most exact, powerful words........   Your  accomplishment is so so great that it's not 'words' can describe.....
Will always live in our hearts Steve, Thanks for showing us how to think  different. RIP.
He created the best equipment for us to defend orangutans, especially iPhoto.  Hope to see you again in the next life.
Rest in Peace Steve Jobs. It was you who was the deciding factor which helped me purchase my first phone, the iPhone 4.
I'm from Brazil and since a started using apple with my macbook and iPhone, things have been so much easier and fun that i cannot imagine myself using another brand, so i just want to say thank you for such a beautiful mind and for having shared it with so many of us.  My condolences.
You'll be missed Steve.  Our prayers go to you and your loved ones.  Best wishes.
No doubt that he changed the face of society with his immeasurable talent and vision.  So sorry to hear of his passing.  May he rest in peace.
Dear Steve,  Rest in peace. Thank you for bringing me to an iWorld. It has been   beautiful for me ever since I purchased an iPod shuffle when I was in   primary school. You have made our life so much easier. I am proud of   you! Your Stanford speech is my life motivation. You will be missed.
Steve Jobs has been a lifelong hero of mine. I bid you farewell Steve.  --  Stay Hungry, Stay Foolish
The world has truly lost a true leader in technology. No other single person made me more excited about a product even before it came out. You will be missed
Here's to the great one, Jobs, the whole world's memory.
The world have lost one of the greatest inventor of this time. The man who changed the way of seeing technology. All my thoughts and prayers are with his family. Rest in Peace Steve.
今天当我听到这个噩耗，我很震惊。我知道您一直在与病魔作斗争。虽然您离开了我们，但我们会永远记得你为我们带来的无限创新科技产品。您对产品的无限最求完美的精神，会一直激励我做好自己的每一件事。祝您在天堂快乐，祝苹果公司一直如你所在的那样为我们带来极致完美的产品与梦想。  一路走好。
I fell very sad when i hear the news,i love apple,i like Steve Jobs, I can`t accept the truth,hope apple will become more and more better.
Steve changed the world in an elegant way.
Steve, thank you for being a mentor and a friend. Thanks for showing that what you build can change the world. I will miss you... Your time is limited..don’t waste it living someone else’s life. -Steve Jobs
Un homme qui a fait changer ma vie, je suis un fans fini de apple,  je possede, imac,iphone 4, ipad, ipod touch, mac book pro je cherais  jamais apple.  Tu a changer ma vie steve, tu m'as fait aimee la  technologie, grece toi, je fait le metier que j'aime et  j'utilise tes technologie pour faire marcher ma business de photo.  merci, je t'oublierai jamais
HI, I AM AN APPLE BABY.  I KNOW NOTHING ELSE.  I HEARD THE NEWS AS I WAS SYNCING MY IPHONE ON MY MAC NOTEBOOK.   MY IPAD ALREADY KNEW.  APPLE IS MY WHOLE WORLD AND STEVE WAS AN ANGEL SENT TO US TO HELP US SEE THE GOOD  IN THE CORPORATE WORLD.  GIVEN THE CURRENT STRUGGLE WITH WALL STREET I HOPE WE CAN CHERISH THE VISIONARY  MAN AND CARRY ON THE LEGACY HE FOCUSED HIS LIFE ON.  IT IS A WHOLE APPLE AND WE CAN ALL TAKE A BITE.  I AND MY  FAMILY WILL MISS HIS AMAZING CONTRIBUTION TO OUR WHOLE LIFE.
News of the death of Mr. Steve Jobs was such a shock for me that I am not able to digest the fact that he is not with us any more. He has been a role model for me and all of us who are Emerging Entrepreneurs in Business.  I am a huge fan of all Apple Products and simply love the brand. I think God loves people like Mr. Steve so much that he calls them back to HIM very soon. This man came to this earth played his part so well that people though not related to him are also mourning for him. Guess this is what matters at the end for all of us. I wish that Mr. Steve rests in peace and attains a wonderful afterlife. My sincere condolences to his family - I know its a very difficult period for them and I pray GOD to give them peace during this testing time.
In a time when role models are card board fakes built and destroyed by the media, Steve vision and devotion to high quality standards make him a model for every young people to follow. His place on history as one of the great minds of this century is guaranteed.
A true inspiration. I've been a fan for many years and can safely say your vision has made my life better because of the products you so passionately pioneered. May a great man rest in peace.
I'm so greatly saddened to lose my one and only childhood hero.  I love  you Steve Jobs and I will miss you dearly.
Dear Steve,When I open the computer, I read the news of your pass away, I thought it was a joke.I try to verify this news from other official website, I can believe it is true.Although I did not buy any product of Apple, but Steve is mentor and a friend deep in my heart.Your spirit will always with me, I will miss you Steve!
From my first Apple IIC at age 10, I have been a MacAddict. Steve is and always will be an inspiration to me. He has affected the lives of billions of  people and many don't even know it. This is greatness! Steve, I miss you already. Apple can never be the same.
My condolences to Mr Steve Jobs family and friends.. Yet, how lucky we are to have witnessed his great mind a man who kept going till the end... To learn about great men in history books is one thing, we were very fortunate to have experienced it! Thank you for sharing your dreams come true with all of us. Rest in peace under a beautiful Apple tree....  Sincerely, (who cant live with out iPhone and iPod)
I never got to meet steve jobs. but he was a friend. i would often talk to  him in my head. he was like my other. some one who would critique me. jonathan ive said that you can tell the intentions of some one or the company by  the product that they make. i felt like you knew steve becuase he put everything he had into the art that he made. ive never been sad about a celebrity. but im sad. steve jobs was an artist. he inspired people through the work that he made. my job would not exsist without steve jobs. i am going to  work towards making a brighter future like steve did.
From my first Apple 2+ that was with me through grade school to my Mac Classic that I wrote my reports on in high school to my Power Mac 7500 in college. It was Steve's products that produced a college graduate with a degree in electrical engineering. My sincerest condolences and my greatest appreciation and thanks for helping me get to where I am today. You are missed and remembered.
What would be the world without him.  My condolences.
Our sympathies to the family of Steve Jobs.
Earth has lost a creative spark. Condolences to his family.
RIP Steve, you have inspired me all my life, you changed the world. I  have been brought up with Mac's we have never owned an PC. I'm only 14  but the impact that you had on the world was just amazing, RIP Steve :(
Thank you for everything that you have given to us and all the inspiration you have given me, you have changed the world.
As a person who has grown up with Apple and everything it has become, I  am truly saddened at the loss of Mr. Jobs. He was a true visionary and  exemplified the very definition of innovative. The world is a far better  (and convenient) place for having him in it.My thoughts and prayers are with both the spirit of Mr. Jobs and his  family. Rest in paradise Mr. Jobs - you will be truly missed.
Dear Mr Steve Jobs,  He was and still will be a huge inspiration. His energy and presence has  made an impact on how I run my company. My sincere condolences to his  family. We've lost a true genius.
Steve and his company have pioneered many things that have made our world a better place. From the time I was in elementary school through my career as a journalist, I have utilized many of Apple’s systems and still enjoy using Apple equipment when given the chance. The loss of Steve’s vision, his pioneering spirit, and his desire to create advanced technology for the good of all will be greatly missed.
Mr. Steve Jobs showed an entire generation how to overcome adversity and remain committed to a vision. Anyone that has followed his career will recall the moments of triumph, but also the setbacks. These setbacks now fade into history and the lesson we can all teach our children is to persevere.  A devoted follower since 1984.
Steve,  You're not dead, you live in every piece of your geniality, in every  masterpiece you created that is now on the hands of millions. Thank for  your legacy. Be in peace.
Hi Apple,  My family is so sorry to hear of the death of Steve Jobs.   He shared his vision of technology and of the future with the world, for which he will never be forgotten and missed by millions.   I have attached a picture of my daughter, she attended her first Apple launch (iPhone 3GS) when she was barely a week old in my arms. She continued with the first Gen iPad launch at 10 months old, then the iPad 2 launch at the age of 21 months old.
Dear Family and Friends,  Let me express my sincere condolence for the departure of our dear Steve Jobs (1955).  May the Lord grant you peace as you journey home to Him in heaven, for you to continue your good work up in heaven. We will miss you here on earth but your legacy, the products you left behind for us carries your name for ever.
My condolences to his family and friends. I have also recently loss my grandfather to cancer, It is not something easy to deal with. My prayers go out to all those who have had the privelige of knowing him.
Thank you, Steve Jobs for everything you gave me.  They were not just music players or phones for me...  Hope you are always happy in heaven.
You were a total inspiration. Your vision was beyond belief. Thank you.  You will be missed.
Thank you, Mr. Jobs for the impact you had on my life. My humble work  would not be possible without your great vision and spirit of  innovation. You are an inspiration to us all.
Our thoughts and prayers go out to the Jobs family.  Dear Steve, you will be sorely missed in this world.  There is such a sadness and emptiness tonight.  Your foresight and innovation will never be matched again in this century.  God bless you.
Thank you for having existed and brought such an incredible asset to the world. You shared your dream and we all embraced it. We will miss you.
Steve Jobs was one of the smartest people alive and he started a cultural revolution and therefore changed the way we looked at electronics forever. As simply a consumer, I will never forget him, rest in peace; Steve Jobs. I also would wish to send my condolences to his family, and wife, you will be in my prayers.
Steve was an outstanding man! A true visionary and genius in my eyes. I'm speechless. He was just an amazing person and I can't put into words how much he has changed this world and how much he meant to a lot of people. You will be missed. ?  Thank you Steve.
The great Steve Jobs brought us not only those amazing products we have never had before. but also a faith that technology and aesthetics can change our world and our lifestyles that much, and even social culture. He struggled with his life inspiring us to fight on the road of life with self-confidence, pride and glory. R.I.P to him.
Steve,  Thanks for inspiring all of us in challenging ourselves and the status  quo. Moreover, showing us that it is just worth living if we can leave a  legacy. I am really proud to live in a time when you lived and changed  the world!!!
Thank you Steve Jobs.  I've grown up with Apple. Steve's vision will be greatly missed.  Sincerest condolences to his family.
Steve, rest in peace.   Your genius and singular focus transformed countless lives, allowed millions of people to earn a living, entertained us, inspired us, and changed the way we as a collective race look at ourselves and the world. Through your drive and the company you were surrounded by, you and Apple drove innovation and technology to artistic perfection.   Thank you for your contributions to this planet and the betterment of all mankind.  We know there are always people we want to hold up and celebrate, but you TRULY brought us closer together and gave us all a common and shared fabric were differences were minimized.  We have all been touched by your creations and the work of everyone at Apple.  The transforming effects of technology brought to the masses by Apple can not be easily measured.   The Planet will miss you.
Dear Steve,  Just this morning, before the news of your passing was announced, I read an article in my local paper. It mentioned an experiment that was conducted on children as young as 14 months. The children were given various mobile phones of different brands. It was noted that almost immediately, the child would make a swiping gesture on the screen of the phone, thinking the device was an iPhone &amp; expecting it to come to life.  Such is the impact of the iPhone. You have really changed the way we work, play &amp; live.  You will always be remembered, Steve.
I cannot imagine the world without the innovations that Steve Jobs gave us. I  cannot imagine the world without his brilliant mind, but know that it is a greater world because of him and now a lesser world without him. My thoughts and prayers are with his family and friends. May they find some solace in our  deep appreciation of him and what he has given us.
Hello.  I remember it like it was yesterday.  My first Macintosh.  1984.  I   was a graphic designer, and my world was about to change.  I embraced   it, and never looked back.  THANK YOU Steve, with all my heart; for permeating all areas of my   personal and professional life.
You sir, were my idol. I cannot describe how much I miss you.                            Forever your biggest fan.
My family's condolences to the Apple family, but especially to Steve Jobs' wife and children.  We believed in him, in what he said and in what he created. I believed he would beat this illness. There is a palpable loss of energy in the world today, but his spirit, his passion and his ideas will live on.  The world is sorry for this loss.﻿
May he rest in peace! And thanks for everything he gave us during his life! For me he was a hero! he was a  person with a good imagination and perfectionism! I never get to know him I know that i will never forget him! Without him many things would not be as they are today. he open doors to a new whole new word! I just hope that the other workers at Apple keep them open!
Steve Jobs is a legend who will be remembered for decades.  Thoughts go to his family.
Lina from France,  Every time I'll look my iPhone, my deepest thoughts, prayers and condolecences will be for you.  Just THANK YOU VERY MUCH INDEED to this creative genius.  RIP.
Though I never knew him personally, what I do know of him is his mind. He was a modern day DaVinci. My prayers and thoughts are with his family. Steve is now in his own Cloud!
Thank you Steve. I've lived with your computer Macintosh for 10 years. I've lived with you for 10 years, and I will live with you forever.  Thank you.  This letter is written by Macintosh.
Thank you, Mr. Jobs, for your creations, your inspiration, your courage, your life.  To his family, I pray that you all have faith in knowing that he was completed his journey and I know the Lord is saying, "WELL DONE!"  May the Lord keep you in this time of need.
Steve was a great man who inspired many, he was caring and created some of the best products the world has ever seen. He will always be remembered.
Thank you.  You changed the world and will be greatly missed.
Thank you Steve  for being so creative and inspirational.  I cannot imagine how it must  have been like to be able to work with someone like you.  You fought a  courageous battle and I am so sorry you had to leave.  You have to know  you left the world in a much better place!!  Peace be with you - the  World is going to miss you.
Thanks for reinventing the wheel.  And thanks for all the breakthroughs that went unnoticed by the mass public that helped the less-massive public. Every person that owns even 1 Apple device has been touched by your genius and ideals, and I'm sure it's made their life that much better for it.  I know it's made my life better. I'm glad you're not suffering anymore, and I hope your family and other loved ones will not be sad for long. Just wait patiently; in time, so many of your fans will see you again, when their time is up here. I wonder what you'll have in store for us on the other side.  So long, and thanks for all the apples!
Steve Jobs not only changed the way we interact with technology, but with ea ch other. He has taught me so much through his legendary Keynote addresses at product launches. He was a brilliant speaker who knew how to get people behind him and his product. But he was much more than that. He was the man who  co-created the world's largest company. He lived the American Dream to it's  fullest. We can all learn something from Steve, with his long fought battle  with cancer, and his strive to make something that "just works."
I am grateful to say that Steve Jobs truly changed the world during my lifetime. He is an inspiration. May he rest in peace.
My condolences , Mr Steve Jobs is my hero, Rest In Peace
If it weren't for Apple, I would never have turned out to be me. I owe it all to Steve. I already miss you.
World lost a wonderful and amazing mind and real human being. Now when  we see an apple is falling off a tree, we are thinking of Adam, Newton and  Steve Jobs. He open new dimension to road of learning. I don't  know if Newton bit his apple or not but Adam and Steve did.
Steve Jobs was truly a remarkable human being. His contributions to the computer world were more than innovative, they made people's lives better and brought technology to a whole new level. He made Apple products one of the few  in the world that not only did everything he said they would do, but even more. He made technology fun and easy to work with. This is what made his very first computers so popular. He cared about people and will be greatly missed by me and many others.
A great leader in life has passed. He taught all of us that we could trust a gain, we could trust a vision shared by so many across the world. Apple is not a company, it's a family of creative, innovative, honest human beings striving to bring this world together through technology. That's the bridge Steve had created for the Apple family and the millions of people yet to become  part of the Apple family. A legacy that few have left remains as a result of Steve's vision. Every member of the Apple family must come together and continue the broadcast of Steve's vision to the world. We are more alike than we know, Steve believed everyone could share an Apple. Thank you Steve for showing us how much we can accomplish. May God give you peace and watch over your family.  Bless you Steve.
If it wasn't for Steve Jobs' flare for marketing, I probably would not be owning a Mac today.  He had such a passion and enthusiasm for whatever he introduced and he practically shared his passion with everyone.  He made us believe in the products and the company.  He will truly be missed.
"He was the first man among us. A great light has gone out."
Mr. Jobs was an inspiration to me as a teacher of elementary school students!   I can remember cherishing my first IBM computer and marveling at the pure magic of it all when I was a child.  Now that I am an adult, I am blessed every time I see one of my students work with an iPad or iPod.  I see a spark of creative magic that Mr. Jobs himself would have been proud to see.  I could only imagine Mr. Jobs having the same spark of genius in his eyes when he was their age.  I pray that Mr. Jobs was able to see the final good work of his hands with the iPhone 4S!   I am hopeful that my students path will be just as bright as the path Mr. Jobs and Apple blazed before them.  Rest in Peace Mr. Jobs, the world is a better place because you lived!
Mr. Jobs was the Thomas Edison of our generation. If it wasn't for him,  i would not be typing on this mac right now. He really did change the  world we live in today. RIP
I was 16 years old when I bought my first Apple II europlus. I was a  very bad student. My first computer triggered the desire to learn and I  started an engineering degree. Today I'm 50 and I never bought anything  else than Apple computers for the last 34 years and I had a successful  career in a major Company. When my daughter was 2 years old she could  already used a mouse and therefore a Mac. Today she is 21 and of course  an Apple fan.  It has been MAGIC since the first machine till today and the MAGIC is  even more impressive machines after machines, OS after OS. iRevolution  after iRevolution!!!!  Of course Apple will continue but tonight I'm sad.
Steve Jobs taught me to love computers.  He was an innovator and  inspiring.  RIP.
I cannot believe this day has happen I cannot imagine my life without Apple Thank you Mr Steve Jobs you will be missed but what a legacy you left behind  which in life at is what it is all about You will be missed
Words cannot even describe how much repsect and honor I have for this man. He was a profound genius and a creator at it's best. A perfect, if not THE perfect example of how human beings should be: Memorable.
My first ever computer was an Apple. This was when I was 8 years old. Since then, I've flip flopped between Mac and pc, but always wound up back with my macs. As a multimedia developer, the technologies that Steve has been such a huge part of creating have not only assisted with my job, but Steve himself has inspired me to continually push my everyday projects to the next level.   Thank you, Steve, for the tools to make a living and the inspiration to sculpt a career.
Dear the person who inspires me,  My name is Minh, born in Vietnam, study abroad in Japan and now working in here. My biggest objective in my life is creating a global tech company that combines well the beauty of technology and the exciting features of business. I love the technology especially in fields related with internet and computer. I started to push my life in this world seen I was 18 years old, now it passed 10 years but I always regret because I wanted if I could start it sooner, like you.  Apple has been giving me a lot of inspiration, and you are a star of my mind. The power and the value you show us during your working life is so strong that I can always get enough belief from that.  Your work not only gives us the best stuff but also shows us a dream about the future.  I've tried to find all of books writes about you as much as possible but there is so few. I believe people will write about you a lot seen today.  Now, I just feel appreciation for God that let you be in our world to change it and lead it in the right way of innovation and evolution. I hope you are always happy in paradise!  You are still and always the person that inspires me from now to the future.  Thank you!
We give thanks for a visionary who cared about the reason and the person about for whom his creative mind  cared.  He has done wondrous things to bring the future into the present for all people of the world. His legacy: provision of platforms for the creativity of all minds, young and old, infirm and healthy, to come to fruition. May your soul which has touched our souls rest in peace while the gifts of your mind live forever.
My heartfelt condolences to Steve's family and the whole Apple family.  Our lives were so touched by the vision and creativity of Mr. Jobs and his passing will truly leave a void in the hearts of everyone who knew him.  May his soul rest in peace.
Our tears are shed for Steve’s family on the loss of their husband and father and for the Apple employees who have lost a great leader, visionary and mentor. We, like millions of others worldwide, owe much of our success, joy and ease of life to the remarkable products and concepts that have sprung from Steve’s brilliant mind. The world has lost the most innovative and creative individual of the 20th and 21st centuries.   With our deepest sympathies,
I have always enjoyed Steve's products from the Apple IIe's I used in high school to the MacIntosh's I used and supported at work. You have always provided innovate products for us to enjoy.  With the recent release of the iPhone 4S - I hope that it comes to symbolize and stand for "iPhone 4Steve" as a cult status way of remembering and honoring him.
Rest In Peace Mr. Steve Jobs, you were what started the new era of technology we live in today... Thank You.
Steve has inspired me to be a better public speaker, pay attention to  the little details that make for a big difference in the pursuit of the  perfect user experience, and enjoy the tactile simplicity that brings  the joy of high technology to the wider community.  So many industries have been massively impacted by his style, vision,  and drive - he's created unstoppable momentum that's redefining so many  aspects of daily life.  Steve, you've created an excited generation of developers, UI designers,  and professionals in so many industries - I'm only sorry you didn't have  the opportunity to relax a while and enjoy the fruit of your incredible  efforts.
The world lost a amazing man, and will be less colored tomorrow.  A sad day for humanity.  My condolences.
I have only begun to appreciate his vision. As I type this on my iPad and eagerly await my first iPhone next Friday I think about what an innovative a nd inspiring person he was. He has left behind a legacy, a legacy that will  only continue to flourish and be leader of such innovative and "game changing" products as the iPad. Godspeed to Apple and rest in peace Mr. Jobs.
The world has lost an amazing human being. May you rest in peace Steve Jobs :(. And may your legacy live on.
I am a fairly new customer to Apple. At least in the aspect of the  Macintosh operating system. I am sorry for your loss; but not just your  loss but mine as well. Steve had a great way of running things which  created this amazing operating system i fell in love with. Please don't  destroy what Steve spent his life building. I trust he left Apple in  good hands and i want you to do it like Steve would. Thank you.
Steve was a visionary that brought change to every aspect of technology that he touched. While I'm not a big Apple fan I can recognize the impact he had on the industry and the change he brought. Innovators like Steve are far and few between and he will be missed! RIP Steve!
Thank you Steve Jobs. You made the world better. You Inspire Us.
Steve Jobs, his vision and the products that sprung from that vision, was the catalyst for my career. My thoughts go out to his wife and children for their loss. For even though he changed the world for billions, to them he was husband and father. God Bless.
Sending love and thoughts to Mr. Jobs family and friends. Many blessings to a ll of them. Something to think about he passed away during the peak of Apple  season for those of us who harvest...
You will forever be missed, and your vision has changed the world. Your name will be known as long as Apple lives. RIP Steve Jobs.
I remember the days when the Internet was dial-up; the days it took minutes to load a screen. I remember running to class hoping to be the first in lab to get the computer I desired. I remember the day I woke up on a bright sunny morning, snow outside, and the fireplace crackling. I remember the joy I felt on Christmas Day, the unwrapping of presents and the smell of delicious breakfast awaiting. I remember the moment my eyes caught a glimpse of a large box awaiting behind my parent's back, that Christmas morning.  They say the last gift you receive is something meaningful, no matter the size of the box. I never believed in it... I remember the moment my hands laid on my first Apple; a strong joyous feeling I will never forget. And I will always remember the person who was behind it all, Steve Jobs, who not only changed my life for the better, but better for the lives out there.
Steve jobs was/is my hero he is the one that got me into what is my life and what I hope to be my career. Technology. So I will always remember Steve Jobs as my hero.  Rip Steve Jobs
Rest in peace Steve.  Thank you for changing our world for the better.
As a fan of technology, I always saw Steve Jobs as a pure visionary, and the guy who defeated all the naysayers. He brought technology to a whole new level. I also think that Apple is, quite frankly, one of the most awesome companies out there. So when I heard that Mr. Jobs had passed away, I was shocked beyond belief. However, I have hope that Apple will still create fantastic technology that will further astound people with its ingenuity. I give my best wishes to Mr. Job's family and friends, and I wish them all the best in this time. May Mr. Jobs rest in peace.
He was an extraordinary human being and an extraordinary leader in Mexico, a lot of people that didn't know anything about computers knew what kind of a leader he was. Although I didn't know him, he was my hero because he always had a vision of the future. Thank you Steve...
I feel like I lost a friend
So much to say! Steve is a visionary who has greatly influenced my life.  I was first introduced to computers via the Apple II. My first computer  that my parents bought us was an Apple II gs. I am currently writing  this on my MacBook. My iPhone and iPod are integral parts of my life. He  gave us an amazing vision of the future. In truth he brought the future  to us today via technology, design, and innovation. The world is a bit  darker without Steve. However, he has left us a vision of the future,  and the means to achieve it. That means is his wisdom, and our hearts. I  will never forget Steve Jobs, and all he has done in my life!!
Thank you for all you've done to help better our society. Ever since the iPhone came out, it's the only phone I've had. Every piece of technology I have  is made by Apple. You've touched the lives of many and I am grateful. Thank you and may you rest in peace.
Thank you Steve Jobs, you made the world a better place. You will be missed :(
I am only 16 years old, and just recently (past two years) got really into Apple products. I like watching the Special Apple keynotes on the new products that Apple releases, and Steve Jobs just made it what it is.Now, watching the new keynote with the introduction of the iPhone 4s, it’s just not the same. Mr. Cook did a great job with leading the way with the keynote, but it isn’t the same feeling as when Steve Jobs did it. It’s a part of Apple that will have to live in our memories (and YouTube). RIP Steve Jobs, My thoughts and prayers are with his family.
He was such an inspiring person. I couldn't believe how much can a man do to the world. The whole world has changed by Steve Jobs and that kind of things you won't forget ever.  Rest in peace, my hero!
Thanks Steve your vision will be missed!! :(
an inspiration, in the truest sense of the word.
Steve,  I appreciate all you have done for the world of computing. Personally,  you gave me the tools I needed to be successful as a freelance graphic  artist.  Your inspiration will be truly missed.  Thank you Steve.
Thank you Steve Jobs for bringing the future into the palm of our hands! RIP!
He will be remembered forever. Each time that a switch on my iPad or iPhone Steve will be there.     My condolences to his family and friends.
My life would be entirely different if it had not been for your creations. And although I have not had the pleasure of meeting you in person, I will miss you.  Thank you Steve.
deep condolences to Steve's family. Steve has had a huge impact on a lot of people's lives and he will be greatly missed.
For me, Steve Jobs wasn't a hero or an idol.  He was the man that made my dreams come true.  From when I was a little boy and got my first word processor, learned to program in BASIC, I dreamed of portable computers.  Tiny little laptops, tablet computers...  I won't lie, I never could have dreamed of the iphone, but when it first came out, that's what it felt like.  Like science fiction had been made real.  I feel like someone just told me that Santa Claus isn't real.  Like there's no more magic in the world.  Apple will continue to develop and release wonderful products.  I just don't know if they, or anything else, will ever capture our imagination again the way Steve was able to.
Today is a sad day and the amazing part is that this sadness that i feel  is for an individual that i never met, yet he truly defined my  generation and life as we know it.  He will be missed!!
The world has lost one of its greatest genius. May Steve rest in peace  an may his work last for eternity. We will miss you and never forget.
So sorry for all of you at Apple who worked with this man.  Don't let  his spirit of innovation die. He made my life easier, and a whole lot more fun. RIP, Steve Jobs.
I will miss him like a family member. His vision and focus was and is an  inspiration to millions. Peace be with you my friend.
the world wont be the same with steve gone, he made the iphone and other apple products come to life and make a difference, may his heart be forever blessed and may his name always be remembered, sleep tight mr. jobs the angels are looking after you now
As I sit here surrounded by my Apple products I am saddened beyond description by the great loss of Steve Jobs.  My life has been greatly enhanced by the many years of innovative products that have always been years beyond their  time.  Apple has always been more than just another pc company. My Apple products are a part of my daily life and I would never want to be without them. This is the legacy that Steve left, the emotional connection between man and computer. There will never be another Steve Jobs and I send my deepest sympathy to his family, friends and the wonderful employees of Apple.
Steve will not be remembered 50 years from now because of the iPhone or the iPod, but because he never ceased to innovate beyond what was believed to be a finished product.
Can't believe that he gone. I loose my mine when i saw the picture of Steve.  The world has lost a genius and a hero of technology!
You are the great man ever ever. I will always miss you!
My deepest condolences to the Jobs family for the lost of a great and visionary man! I, my family, and the world will miss him for generations!  The humanity will thank you always for all that creativity and innovation legacy!  Thank you again Steve Jobs, rest in peace!
What an amazing person. I am so sorry for his family both at home and  work. He was so young. What a loss to the world.
You have made a huge impact on the world of technology and you will   never be forgotten. My deepest sympathy and prayers to the Jobs   Family. As I write this on my Macbook I am greatly appreciative to the   wonderful mind of Steve Jobs.  Thanks for making an impact on my life and the lives of many others   with the technology you have introduced to us over the years.  A loyal Apple Fan, and owner of many Apple products and many more in   the future.
I have been using apple products for several years and those products  from the mind of Steve Jobs have revolutionized my life. Each new  product I have bought have made me more productive and kept me closer in  touch with the world around me. I just bought my new iPhone last  thursday and once it has caused a paradigm shift in the way I organize  my life. There few people that come into the world who have that kind of  effect on society Edison, Ford, and Einstein come to mind. Steve Jobs  will truly be remembered as one of the greats who made an indelible mark  on this world.  God Bless Steve and his family.
Thank you, Steve, for your contributions to this world and may you continue to flourish in the next.  My condolences to the Jobs family and Apple.
I never forget you, rest in peace, you change my word, your dreams make my dreams
This quote sums up Apple, and why I love your products.   “It’s in Apple’s DNA that technology alone is not enough. That it’s technology married with liberal arts, married with the humanities, that yields us the result that makes our hearts sing.”  Thank you, Steve.
Thank you Steve Jobs for your courage and your brilliance.
To the folks at Apple and his family I send my sincere condolences. I find it fitting that I write this on a device that probably evokes the true spirit of Apple as a company and Steve as a directive force.  I remember clearly back in 1984 when my father, who worked for IBM at the time brought home the first Macintosh computer. He told me never to divulge the fact that he owned this machine. I remember that whenever he bought a personal computer it was always an Apple.  Many years later I purchased for my company an iMac G5 and needed to add memory. This required me to remove the back of the machine. I marveled at how elegantly this simple process worked. Upon opening the machine I was amazed to find that the interior of this device was as detailed and sculpted as the beautiful exterior. This attention to detail, in an area which most users would never see, electrified my imagination. Here was a Company that was committed to every aspect of design no matter how small.  This kind of focus does not happen by accident. Steve and the Company he helped build, not once, but twice, is what it is today because of that focus. Nothing is left to chance. Elegance is not a term left for a Paris Fashion show. It is a simple, powerful way of thinking, of seeing the world as a stage to present the very best that can be done.  Steve has influenced my own small corner of the world. My creative company uses many of the same sets of values that I have learned from reading about Steve and Apple. Strive for excellence in everything you do. Look forward to what's around the corner. Enjoy the challenge of creating a great company. Never settle for second best. Never give up.  As the years have gone on I have found that I own many of the great devices that Apple has produced. None of which will I ever sell. It's not because I want to start my own Apple museum, but I see them as representing a little piece of Apple as a company and Steve as a person.  I send to Steve's family my most sincere and heartfelt condolences. I wish for Apple the most incredible future that a Company can hope for.
Thanks for everything, Steve. I've had an amazing almost 25+ year fun  run with the incredible products you brought to the world. Every day is  made a little brighter and easier using Apple gear.
:'( You will be missed.
My heart goes out to the family and I especially want the children to remember that their Dad changed lives. The computer designs and innovations really delighted me and opened a world of information to my family. It really changed all of us. Our best wishes at this time of saddness.
Thank you Steve...rest in peace..
Dear Steve Jobs family  Although I did not know Steve personally he has changed things I do on a daily basis. He has given my son a chance to be part of an incredible company.  I am so proud that he is a part of the apple. It is not only a company it is truly a family.  May I send my personal condolences and may Steve rest in peace.
Only in the past 3 years I started to undurstand how far Steve as changed my  life and the lives of everyone far beyond the IT world. He did not simply drive the creation if new tools he opened new doors for all to explore, learn  and expand... and now he is gone!?!? Unacceptable! My humble and sincere condolences to friends and family we have lost a great  man indeed!
Steve really did impact lives. He impacted mine. Thanks, Steve. Your vision is a light that will not soon be dimmed. Rest in peace.
Through this message I would like to express my sincere sorrow for such  an enormous lost for Apple and for humanity, Steve is an example for the  future generations. This is something I can tell from experience since  he has enlightened my sons  as a model of a successful person.
My deepest thoughts go to his wife, children and close friends.   All I can offer are my modest, but most sincere condolences.   God bless you, Steve, and may you rest in peace.
Today the world lost a visionary, a man who worked hard to make the world a more fun place. He built a cult of die-hard fans who will NEVER give up their Apple computers. I thank him for that, my wife thanks him for that, and my kids thank him for that. Steve Jobs was one of a kind, a genius and a hero to people everywhere. RIP Steve, you will be greatly missed as we all loved you.
Steve Jobs will be remembered for the many imprints of genius and  insight he left in this world.  My condolences to his family and all of  the people at Apple who work tirelessly to provide the best consumer  products for technology today.  May his legacy live on in the company.  May we always remember his  vision and willingness to push the envelope.  May his family forever  remember how his legacy has left the world a better place.  Thank you.
Steve Jobs,  You have inspired me to be Innovative and be Ingenious.  You also have made me realized that people would see a person who crazy in the beginning, but in the long run, that person will be a great impression on society. This has been proven throughout history with Albert Einstein and many other. And you are in the league of Geniuses.  Thank you for connecting the world. Thank you for sharing the inspirations. Thank you for making me believe in myself. Thank you Sir.  May you Rest In Peace. My condolences goes to your family and Apple. May you be remembered as the iGod of the Tech World.
Dear Steve:  Ironically, earlier today, I was telling my Mom the importance of Apple in our lives, the importance to the (our) world though innovation, his vision, i n some many ways.... in the way we listen to music, the way we use the phone  (cellphones) iPhone, the meaning of a tablet "pc" the iPad, the superior qu ality of the Mac's. Just minutes before the sad news, I share with my Mom , in my new iPad, the video of "my new personal assistant.  Today I feel sad, it's an emptiness. Today we lost an extraordinary visionary.  Rest in peace, we always remember You though Apple, You change the way we li ve, You change the world, You change the taste of The Apple.
I have always had a fascination with the ingenuity that Steve brought forth.  He was an amazing mix of charisma, leadership, and innovation that has made him quite possibly the greatest CEO of my generation if not ever.  His legacy will continue to live in the spirit of Apple
Steve Jobs was a genius, a visionary, an icon, and my greatest  influence.  He makes our lives easier each and every day.  He will be  greatly missed.
Steve will be with us for all time in the best of our human spirit.
He was an enormous inspiration to me for decades, of what could be achieved with uncompromising vision.
I love art. I love physics. I applied to college today, and 12 months ago freaked out because I had no idea what to do with my life. Because of Steve Jobs and John Ives, I am going to Carnegie Mellon for industrial design. I want to thank them so much, more than can be expressed in an email.  ‎"The only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven’t found it yet, keep looking. Don’t settle. As with all matters of the heart, you’ll know when you find it. And, like any great relationship, it just gets better and better as the years roll on. So keep looking until you find it. Don’t settle."
Millions on Earth are touched by your creativity every day - all will  miss you and your genius - rest in peace.
I didn't know him but he seemed like a wonderful human being.  I can say I feel his creativity, or at least his vision for what Apple has created has made the world a more functional place.  I am sure he will be missed by all who worked with him.  My condolences to his family and friends.
Dear Steve,  You taught us a pleasure to create something which didn't exist in the world .20  I never forget you and products you created. Also, I challenge to change the  world using the power of electronics.  You are my hero. May your soul rest in peace.
TRISTE CON LA PARTIDA DE STEVE JOBS. EL LEGADO QUE DEJA ES INMENSO, GRACIAS A EL, LA VIDA ES MUCHO MÁS SIMPLE Y DIVERTIDA!!!  GRACIAS POR TODO STEVE JOBS!!
Steve Jobs, you were an inspirational person who changed the world. You could have retired to enjoy life on your own private island a long time ago, but you continued to pursue your passion until the end. Thank you for showing us how it's done.
Thank you Mr. Jobs for all you have given the world.  Your inventions, your words, your inspiration.  You will be missed.  Much peace to you and your loved ones.  xo.
Aloha Steve!  You were a part of my whole life.  From age 9, I was on an Apple II that my father brought home.  From those old days of green screen memories, and developing into a family that all uses Apples, I thank my father for introducing me to them, and Steve Jobs for never giving up!    We will always remember you and the gifts you have developed for the world to use!  May we use them well!
Thanks Steve! You will be missed but your innovative spirit will live forever!  Thanks for  changing the world for the better.
I just wanted you to have know that you were truly inspirational to me in so many ways other than technology. You were a revolutionary and pioneer and a marketing genius. Always a market leader an envied in the technology field. You were able to establish one of the best brands on the planet and you are a true rags to riches success story. You moved millions of people and inspired an entire generation to do better than what is already out there now.
So sorry to hear of Steve's passing. Truly a great man has left us but he has left us with alot.
Think differently. Creative genius inspires. An Apple changed the world. Thank you, Mr. Jobs, for changing the world.
May God welcome Steve Jobs as a person whomade the world a better placethrough  innovative technology, inspirational vision, and and desire to provide many  conveniences more accessible to people the every place on earth. The marvels  made possible by the inherent talentbySteve Jobs, worldly citizenof the  century,providedadvancements in sound, music, telecommunications, internet  accessibility and, video imagery. The technologicaladvancements guided by  Steve Jobs, though Apple,gave us the world over a better sense of enrichment, a  valueof appreciation and, sincere gratitude through the dedicatedworkby Steve  Jobs. Hisunyielding sacrifices and desire of perfectioncan be seen though the  quality products, that earnedrespect the world over. Steve Jobs, you will be  remembered, never forgotten andappreciated forall you have done to make this  world a better place!
Steve Jobs is my idol.  His speech at Stanford inspired me much.  I wish Jobs rest in peace.
I am writing my condolences on a Mac. I have been using a Mac since os9.  Never looked back. Thank You.
Steve Jobs has affected all our lives in one way or another. I never knew him, I'm just a consumer, but I have hugely enjoyed Apple products since the '90s. Wow. What can we say about the impact this one man had on all of us. I am saddened but hope that he passed in peace and is existing in peace now.  Best Regards, Steve. We will all miss you.
Hello  I just wanted to write to say I have always admired Steve Jobs as one of the innovators of the 20th and 21st century. Apple has always been a company in touch with it's grass roots and pride in being able to deliver cutting edge products of excellent quality to the end user.  Thank you Steve for your decades of hard work and visions of the future office and home.  Deepest respect and gratitude
We truly lost a visionary person that will never be replaced. Steve   you will be remembered for centuries to come. I am pretty sure that   God is going to ask you to invent an IPhone for those who live in   heaven. My deepest sympathy to the family and may God bless your soul.
This is to the greatest and most influential innovator and executive of  my generation.  Your brilliance will be forever seen and remembered by  the way you have revolutionized the tech industry. Mr. Jobs, you have changed the world for the better and we will forever  remember you.  We have truly lost an extraordinary human.  God bless and we'll be seeing you in another life rocking out to your  iPod.
I bought one of your computers in the late 1970's and have been a hopeless computer junkie ever since.  I feel like I lost a member of my immediate family tonight.  As I type this on my iPad, I am truly saddened - emotional.  What a great contributor to all of our lives.  Steve will be missed.
Steve  was a great American.  A visionary that put people first... he  will be missed.
he was an amazing man in that he left a lot behind that can greatly improve society as a whole.
I learn with emotion the death of Steve Jobs I am deeply saddened and shocked to learn that my first thoughts are with family and friends I am wholeheartedly with them and would like to pay tribute to this great visionary Steve Jobs has been seen has its final presentation yesterday with the iphone 4s and I will end by saying thank you thank you very much for doing all dreamed and have allowed the development of innovative technologies never seen rest in peace ...    R.I.P
he will be there with us forever.. and everywhere wherever iphone, ipad, imac, itunes, ibook is......   rest in peace.
Thank you for the Innovations!  Steve Jobs is an Icon of our Generation for bringing innovations and making our lives better. Rest in Peace. You will always be remembered.
RIP STEVE JOBS, THANK YOU FOR ALL THE THINGS YOU HAVE DONE, WE ARE TRULY APPRECIATE IT !!!!! WE LOVE APPLE BECAUSE OF YOU !!! YOU'VE CHANGED THE TECHNOLOGY WORLD, YOU WILL ALWAYS BE OUR MENTOR, MY CONDOLENCES TO ALL YOUR FAMILY.
Goodbye Steve. You have changed the world. The world is immeasurably better because of you.
Farewell Mr. Jobs. Thank you for changing my life for the better in such simple ways that have now become ubiquitous to me. You will be missed, and you will be remembered.
Rest in peace Mr. Jobs.... You touched my day to day life in so many ways. Thank you for making a difference in the world.
long live his spirit and generosity he will be remembered for a long time.
To apple,  Steve Jobs is a role model who my children revere in near-hero status. His vision and spirit will live forever.  He will be missed in the flesh but will  forever be a presence in our world.  May peace and happy reflection of Mr. Jobs be in all of us foreword.
To Steve's family and friends. I did not know this gentleman but he has changed my life with his visions. My sincerest condolences go out to you all.            Many Thanks
I just got my first computer at 38 yrs old last Halloween.  I wanted to  get a quality computer and always heard that Apple was the top of the  line.  After a year working with it,  I understand just what people  meant by it being the best.  I just want to say thanks because it is  opening up doors that I didn't know existed in the most positive ways.  Anything is possible is an understatement.
You always have inspired me, all the time... You always be with me, in my soul and mind...  You always be eternal...i'm so sorry inside.
I'm gonna miss you man! You will never be forgotten! You are my hero!
Thank you Steve for making my life as a travelling mum easier. My kids (4 years old and 1r old) can easily use the ipad and skype me anytime they want to speak to their mum. It makes life as a working mum easier with a peace of mind.. I wish your family peace and comfort in missing you in their lives. May they be comforted with your legacy.
Dear Steve Jobs,  I have heard that you passed away some moments ago. I feel very sorry for that.  I want to tell you something that came to my mind just when I read the bad news: there's no end for those who set up a beginning. This is because it is that beginner behaviour what the World needs to go forward, not just economically and technologically speaking, but also in the human sense. I remember now something you once said: “Being the richest man in the cemetery doesn’t matter to me … Going to bed at night saying we’ve done something wonderful… that’s what matters to me." And certainly, you can rest forever with the fact that you left a legacy of something wonderful, a better way of thinking and being.
Steve inspired me. As someone who grew up using Macs, I was always keenly aware of the difference passion, humanism, and art make in any endeavor. He poured all of these into his products, and showed the world that success and human values go hand in hand.  He will always be my hero.
what an inspiration. so sad and he will be missed not forgotten.
A true genius. He will be dearly missed.  RIP Steve 1955-2011
Hi Apple!  He will be surely missed here in the Philippines.  May he rest in peace. We will pray for his humble soul.  He is truly a great man with a great heart!  Thanks steve for inspiring us!  We love you!
Thank you for putting beauty in technology, for not giving up, for great products and great innovation.
We are truly saddened by Steve's death. He was a guide and a source of  constant inspiration for us. His revolutionary ideas and his spirit will  live forever.  Thank you Steve.
Toute mes condoléances, c'est vraiment triste qu'il soit parti si vite, c'était un homme bien et un grand génie, MERCI POUR TOUT STEVE   my condolences to all who have known it was a good man, it's really sad   Thank you for you Steve.
Dear Apple, It is very sad to know that such a genius had left us. He has always been my  hero, my role model. His words have always been inspiring. 'Stay hungry, stay foolish' has become my motto in life, get me to reflect and be true to my self. Even though he can no longer be with us, he had lived a legend and the whole  world is lamenting. I really hope Apple could carry on his passion, and do the best that you can to carve out another legend just like him, for he had already built a foundation for you to get going. Wish you all the best and stay tough! I am an Apple fan and will stay tune on your products.
thank you steve for helping make my childhood and teen years full of  incredible experiences. rest in piece, the einstien of my generation
Apple today would not be the same company and be the market leader in computing without the vision and ambition of Steve Jobs. The world has lost a great man. No doubt his legacy will remain for many, many years.  Thanks Steve, for everything he gave us as the co-founder of Apple, and as a human being.  May he rest in peace.
Your time was well spent.  And your passion touched my heart as you made the world a better place.
Steve your vision and passion will be greatly missed.   Thanks for the inspiration
Dear Steve, Thank you very much.  You had made our life become so magical.
Steve, Thank you for all of your gifts.  You changed the world in so many   ways.  You're the last of the great explorers... My heart and prayers go out to your family.
So sad to hear about Mr. Jobs. I had my first Apple II when I was 13. Absolutely loved it. Was a fan of Apple and Mr. Jobs ever since. He will be missed.
Because of the lifetime's work of Steve Jobs, I have been enabled to  achieve the goals that I dream of. What Steve achieved during his  lifetime is something that has truly never been done before. Simply put,  he made the world a better place.
Hi,  My name is Issi. Im from Sydney, Australia.  I know how distant we are from each other but yet we feel so close at  this time of mourning.  The world has lost an incredible man, so inspirational and modest.  The way he changed peoples lives, not only though technology, but  through sheer eccentricity and the radicalism of today world.  To the Jobs family, do not be shamed, Steve was an amazing man who  accomplished so much. he lived his life to the full, and God decided  that his work was done on earth. He was an angel, but not ours to keep.  My thoughts go out to all mourners.
just impossible to imagine a world without his great mind, RIP steve... your life will inspire everyone of us. Thank you.
Thank you, Steve. I'll never forget you. 
Steve created products that were so transcending that it literally created fodder for endless hours of communication between my son and I.  Thank you Steve for giving me something that I will always cherish and something that I know you valued-family time.  RIP
He will be remembered in history along side Thomas Edison and Benjamin Franklin. I feel fortunate to have lived through the transformation of personal computing he led. I think he shake things up pretty bad up in the sky with the big guy...
My heart goes out to everyone at Apple and in the Apple community. This is a  sad day, I owe much of my livelihood to Steve and his great company. Thank you all for you have given us.
When we were all sort of comfortable with our life, he said it's not good enough.
Steve Jobs not only gave us a quantum leap in technology, but he has also shown us how to do it humanly! He has taught us that all this technological era is meaningless if you can't be in touch with people you love, your family and yourself. For that, he shall be forever missed.  Your dreams will stay built into your hearts.
Although I never knew him, my heart is truly saddened that the world has  lost such a brilliant visionary!!  My deepest condolences to all who  knew and loved him.  May happy memories get them through this tough  time.  God Bless You Steve Jobs!!
I remember the day I got my first computer, an Apple IIci, and as a designer I have never used anything but Apple since. The world has lost an amazing visionary and creative genius. You have inspired so many people Steve, and you will be definitely missed. My heart goes out to your family and friends.
Hello,  I would like to send my deepest regret to Steve´s family on this tragic day.  I admire Steve Jobs and you gotta give the dude credit for transforming a simple, yet creative idea into a global success. R.I.P
You have been a "Great Man"... R.I.P Steve Jobs.
Three apples changed the course of the world:  Adam and Eve's forbidden apple... Newton's apple...  and finally... Steve Jobs' Apple  A sad, sad day for the world. I regret not having the chance to meet him in person, but I will always be grateful for everything he has done to change the way we live our lives.  You will be missed Steve...
Thanks Steve for everything.   Been a big fan for years and from the beginning. Love your work and what values you have built the company to today.  We will never forget your innovative genius and your spirit will live on.  RIP Steve.
It feels like my favorite uncle just passed. I am deeply saddened. I'm happy I got to see him give a keynote in person. Rest in peace, Steve. You will surely be missed.
Wow! I am deeply saddened, at this time, to hear of the passing of Mr.  Steve Jobs. I am a very big supporter and consumer of all things Apple  and was disappointed when I learned of his resignation. I can only hope  and pray for the strength of those who are affected by the loss. I will  feel the void anytime Apple is mentioned or whenever I utilize my many  Apple devices. He was certainly an innovative, genius, and seemingly  kind soul. He will surely be missed by myself and others.
As a person who has very limited understanding of technology, I want to say how much I have appreciated the tools that Steve Jobs introduced into the world.  I love my iMac.  I love my iPhone.  I love my iPod.  I love my new Apple TV.  Some day I hope to say I love my iPad!  I love knowing that when I don't understand why one of those wonderful tools isn't working, there are people on-line, or in stores, or reachable by phone who love these products and understand how to set me back on the path and are patient with my lack of understanding.  And so I say thank you to Steve Jobs.  Here's hoping that Apple can carry on with the innovation and care.    My condolences to the family, friends and co-workers.
"Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is  to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do.  If you haven’t found it yet, keep looking, and don’t settle. As with all matters of the heart,  you’ll know when you find it."    Obrigado Steve!
I met him once in a cafe. Honestly the nicest and smartest man I ever   met to the day. He offered to show me the best thing on the menu. To   this day I still go there and only get that. I love you Mr Jobs,  Farewell.
He lived life. He achieveid whatever he wanted to, by hard work, skill and enthusiasm. He loved his work, his field, his responsibility. I hope he told his family all they needed to know, all he wanted them   to know. He connected my dots. I hope, and think, he connected his own.  His ideas and passion will far outlive him.
As a dedicated advocate of Apple products since 1986, I'm saddened at  hearing of Steve's death. The only words that come to me at this time  are, Thank you, Steve. Thank you.
Thank you, Steve, for all that you have done for the technology community around the world.  You will be forever missed and remembered for years to come and will live on in the very devices that you helped bring to life...
I am SO sorry to hear this.   He was an amazing and very inspiring   person and will be greatly missed.  Bon Voyage.
Steve, thanks for believe in dreams. Thank for make us feel that other  world is possible. You broke many walls, you built many bridges between  people,  you made smaller the oceans and bigger our thoughts and hearts.  But the most important. You were you. Nobody else. Not sad because you left but happy because you were. We are all proud of you.
The first computer I ever laid hands on was an Apple II.  The first  computer program I ever wrote was on an Apple IIe.  While I never had  the pleasure of knowing Steve, he certainly had an effect on my life  through his vision and ingenuity.  I am truly saddened by the news of  Steve's passing and send my sincerest condolences to Steve's family and  friends.  Today the world has lost one of the most amazing minds it has  ever known.
From our family to yours, our deepest condolences. He will be missed; yet, his genius will live on forever.
Thank you for giving the world innovation and inspiration, not only pushing Apple, but in turn everyone else to be better.     While I do not own any Apple products I always regarded Mr. Jobs as a very important figure in technology, and always will.  The genius that is Steve Jobs will be never forgotten.     My condolences to all the friends and family
My deepest sympathy and sorrow for the loss of a great person and creator.  May he rest in peace.
Es una enorme perdida mundial gracias a Steve me inspiro en muchos aspectos de mi vida! Te recordaremos siempre.
Dear Steve,  it was a pleasure having you in this world, we will always remember you and  take you in our, hearts and Mac's.  God bless you and your family.  Take care and see you in the next world.
As I write this on my MacBook Pro, I can't help but think of how a sad day today is.  He was definitely a great innovator and visionary, who still had such a bright future ahead of him.  No one will ever be able to duplicate his visions.  My condolences to his family and loved ones.
His touch is in everything I touch... my personal computer, the computer  in my classroom, and in the computers my students use in the computer  lab at school.  I watch Pixar movies, I use an iphone, and plan to buy an ipad.  Apple friendly user products enchanced my  life, made me feel smart,  made made me feel "cool", because they were  so-o-o-o-o cool.  If there is a heaven, I'm sure he's already focused on making things  better there too!  I believe his is a spirit that will live forever.
Steve Jobs 1955-2011   Candle in your memory.  Rest in peace, god bless you.     Thank you.
From a apple fan, god bless you and your family. You will be missed!
Somehow it felt like Steve was bigger than life and would go on inventing and inspiring forever...Heaven will be a better place with Steve Jobs to innovate and improve that experience.
Steve was an amazing human being, and did so much for mankind, everyone should shut down their products for 60 seconds in honor of him.  The whole world would go dark.  I built my entire career using products he designed.  He will truly be missed, but his legacy will live on forever.  Thank you.  God Bless
He was a great man i loved all of his products i truly respected him and looked up to him for his intellegence with technology. i am saddened by this news. R.I.P. Steve Jobs Forever Will Be Missed.
I am still in shock...the news hasn't yet sunk in.  This couldnt be true, could it? This man changed technology like no one ever has.    One of a kind.  May his soul rest in peace.
It took a great man to create the company you created and to see a nation lose an innovator as yourself is deeply disturbing. Although there is some out there who has watched your rise and is sitting at home thinking of new ways to change the world as you did, today is a day we could compare to the lost of the many icons we have had to say good-bye to. The world mourns as we all sit back thinking how strong you must have been. A friend of mines spoke on how you planted a seed in the world of technology and how fitting was it for you to call your company Apple. It's the little things that make impacts on the greatest people. You were great, you will be missed, you will forever be remembered as one of the greatest innovators of our time. God bless you and your family.
Our heartfelt condolences to the Family and friends of Steve Jobs on his passing today! He was a great inventor, technology guru, scholar, family man, humanitarian, and American icon! He will truly be missed by the millions of people who knew about his products he created. God Bless his soul and let us all remember the many lessons and goodwill he taught all of us! I for one will always cherish his ingenuity and dedication to his company.
I am sorry for the passing of the greatest genius of technology! Apple II was my world growing up but then lost touch and became an MS freak still miss the way i used to hacked the Apple dos computer. he will be missed.
Words cannot express the sadness I feel at the loss of such a wonderful human  being. Thank you Steve Jobs for making our world a better place, for inspiring many young minds, for your innovation, for making our present and future a place of technological wonder. Your vision will outlive us all.
You even made Unix look beautiful
Words cannot explain our grief and disbelief towards your passing, Steve. You amazed us with the brilliance of your ideas. Thank you for changing the world.
I just wanted to convey to all of Steve Job's family, friends, Apple and all who knew him my condolences. He really did change the world in a great way. I thank him for all the wonderful things he has brought to me in my life and my friend's lives that make it a better, happier place to be. He will be missed.
The Walt Disney of my generation is gone.  I will forever be marked by his genius, innovation, creative and spirit.  Rest in peace, Steve Jobs.
Thank you for serving as an example and keep us believing that we can make a better world. Go in peace!
Thank you for turning a vision of the future, into the future.  Thank you for taking a stand, and making a difference. God speed to your family, and to your legacy - great things are to come from your inspiration.
Because of you Mr. Jobs, we will always "Think Different". Rest in peace.
Steve is the guy that saw the vision and worked like mad to make it happen. He had the "taste"  that the world wanted to savor. I will truly miss his continuing influence of how I consume my media and have fun. My best to his personal and business family.
Hello    He was a great man.   Its very sad.
God bless, you, Steve. You have changed the world &lt;3
My life overflowed with the very creative ways of thinking by having met with the product of the apple company.  If it is a Heaven wall beam after I die, I would like to consider conversation as you very much.  Mr. Steve Jobs, I send much gratitude and respect to you.  I wish you get peaceful rest.
i am saddened by this lost. May his soul rest in peace.
He was a visionary, a genius and in so many ways he did change the world. He will be missed.
Dear Apple,  I remember the first time my dad bought me an Apple Ipod. I think it was the 2nd generation with the click wheel and the four buttons on top. i was really amazed and thought whoever invented such. I admire the man who provided the world with so much ease and comfort with technology. I never thought that being a "techie" would be so cool. Steve Jobs made the world love technology and learn from it even more.  We will forever be grateful for sharing his inventions. I know it's impossible but I hope that there will be another Steve Jobs to further more impossible inventions.  Thanks Steve.
STEVE JOBS...thank you very much!You have revolutionized not only the computer era, you showed the whole  world how important it is to "think different".Rest in Peace
I will remember Steve Jobs as a visionary and personal inspiration by challenging conventional wisdom of personal computing and what humans can achieve.  You will be missed Steve. May God keep and lend comfort to your family.
My heart goes out to Steve's family, and friends, and I pray that his  life will serve as an example to the world of what one man can do with a  vision, and the determination to see that vision come to fruition.  He  leaves this world a better place than it was when he got  here, because  of his positive contribution to mankind.  I hope to see you on the other  side Steve.
It feels just like yesterday when I sent an email to Jobs at age 9, saying how great Apple and all of their products were. He quickly replied "Thanks Mike, I'll make sure that we live up to your expectations." What he said couldn't have been more correct. Steve was a great leader and innovator, and without him, Apple would not be what it currently is. I express my deepest sympathies for Steve's family, friends, and colleagues.
Im so sad right now, I love Apple and I love Steve. Hope he has it good in heaven
Not sure who reads these anyway...  But I've been trying to imagine what apple could do to honor Steve.  A statue isn't enough.  Besides, it's kinda cheesy.  But something giant, inscribed with every single email in this inbox... (cen sored for inappropriate content of course) would maybe, perhaps, almost be enough.
I grew up with Apple. My dad had a Macintosh color classic that he liked  to take a part and put back together. When we got our first iMac, my  brother and I used to giggle when we wrote ridiculous passages and  played them back in SimpleText. I wrote all my papers in ClarisWorks.  My parents bought me an iPod when I got into college, and my dad sent  Steve an e-mail about adding video to the iPod before the launch of the  video enabled iPod.  Apple and Steve had a huge impact on my life and my memories. Steve will  be missed.
You never gived up... You changed the world for ever... You changed how people listen to music How people communicate with each other... How we watch movies, read books or  play games iThink you made world a better place Steve... You changed everything...
Sadden by his passing... I didnt know him personnally, but love what he has created... Prayers and thoughts for His Family and coworkers...!!! Stay Strong and Positive...
I just saw the news on the internet this morning and still cannot believe that he is gone now.   I have been using ipod, iphone and mac laptop for several years now and really love them. When I had difficult times studying aboard the music made me cheer up and that was because of the ipod...   Always admired his job.. Hope he'd be in a peace and I will always remember him...
thank you for creating Apple. Whole world enjoyed with your lovely ideas. We all hope that you have peace in heaven. Thank you.
Our thanks to Steve Jobs for providing a vision for technology that will help many children with special needs learn and communicate.
God bless, Steve Jobs,   The immensity of his impact on our life style will go down in history.  He was as important as the Industrial Revolution of the late 1800s.  Our thoughts and prayers are with his wife, children, and family.
I bought my first computer an apple II..."they're friendly" I remember the  saleswoman saying...it was so much fun and helped me in my job...I've had  macs ever since, ipods, minimac and macbook. what a loss to the world...so sad.
You changed the world. You changed the way we live our lives. You're innovation and creativity will inspire the world for generations to come. You will be missed – and never forgotten.
Steve Jobs was an inspiration and the reason that we have a technical age of  innovation and wonder at our fingertips. His decision to delay development of the iPad and to concentrate on the iPhone was a stroke of genius very few would have made. The world was better off having known Steve and we will miss  him. May Allah have mercy on his soul.
Steve,  You were the best of the best! We were stronger with you than without  you and you will be sorely missed May God bless you always
Steve Jobs was one of the leaders that I follow, the lessons of life my job as a manager, I follow your lessons. Thank you. Heavenly Father enlighten you.
Dear Apple Team,  Don't forget Steve, He, from anywhere, will stay helping you, somehow. My english skill is very low, but everything gonna be alright, not  exactly as it was, but, alright.
I'd like to express my most sincere condolences to Apple's founder, Mr. Steve Jobs' family and friends.  I will carry his memory into the future with the fruits of his labor in hand.
Steve,  Your memory will last forever. You changed the world, make it a  better,  friendly, closer warmer place . Now you left us  and   you will be in  the place you deserve: heaven. We will never forget you. Thanks for all.  Rest in Peace dear friend
Steve thank you for what you had given us, you taught us how consistence planing needs time, then little idea could change the world. You will be missed, and always be alive in the art you created, &amp; engineering work you performed. Such a Great mind
I first met Steve while I was working at Sperry managing our business relationship with Pixar.  I had never met anyone like him before and never anyone like him since.  During our meetings it was clear he was focused on making Pixar a success, driven to make it happen and encouraging - assuming you were on the right track!  I am thankful to have met Steve and have always appreciated the creativity he has shown us all through the Pixar movies and innovative Apple products.  We have lost a lost a true technology visionary.  My thoughts and prayers for his family tonight.
Steve. *Thank you for everything, you will always be in our hearts.*
Thank you for believing that "the rest of us" mattered. You have changed our  world immeasurably, and all for the better.
Thank you for all the wonderful things you brought in to this world. And thank you for making it so easy to comprehend technology. You will be missed. Thank you for everything. Having a part of your technology makes it so  much more and better.
Steve inspired me. As someone who grew up using Macs, I was always keenly aware of the difference passion, humanism, and art make in any endeavor. He poured all of these into his products, and showed the world that success and human values go hand in hand.  He will always be my hero.
iSad but, I will stay hungry and stay foolish. Thank you Steve!
Love You Steve.  My condolences to the Jobs family.
A simple visionary like Galileo, Columbus, DaVinci, and Lennon.  Never  stopped dreaming of what could be.
Thank you for everything Steve. Thank you with much love.
Steve  Thank you for inspiring us to be more!  Take care and rest in peace
The saddest news of today, very deep condolences... You're inspiring... you're innovator... you're motivator.... You're SO AMAZING....!! Goodbye Mr Jobs... I'll missed you, Rest in Peace...
I am glad that i am using a part of what you have created. To the family  please accept my deepest sympathy on behalf of my family.
No word can explain the loss of Mr. Jobs.  We wish only the best for his family and hope Apple will continue to always remember and aspire to Mr. Jobs's vision.  Forever a man who has changed my world and a world for my children.
i thank you for your innovation. no the world thanks you for your innovation. goodbye Mr Jobs
Forever and ever live the fantastic and incomparable Steve Jobs.   I am Brazilian and my memories will be in this man who became such in my life!
Hi Steve,  I hope you are there hearing me. I know you are in my life, everywhere I  go, anybody I talk to  you know. You are my iPhone, MacBook Pro. You are  one of the greatest innovators that ever came.  Rest in peace
To his family, friends and the people of Apple-  Mr. Jobs was and will remain an inspiration, particularly to those who  are driven and creative.  May God bless his soul and may his friends and  family be comforted.
Tks God for Jobs, tks Jobs for my iPhone &amp; iPad.
As the massive geek that I am it is truly sad to see that Steve jobs has passed away at just 56 after years of ill health. As a businessman he has always inspired me, as an innovator he changed the tech world forever and as a human being he amazed everybody with his genius ... R.I.P you will be incredibly missed. Steve Jobs a true mastermind.
One of the most creative minds have been lost. May his thoughts and ambitions and visions of the future forever live.
I'm sadden to hear that we've lost a brilliant mind in this world. I pass  my condolences to his family and dear friends, a great loss with such a  brilliant mind.
I'm sorry to hear about the recent tragedy, even though I wasn't a huge fan of Apple, I still understand what Steve Jobs did and how it shaped the technology we're given today. And I respect him for that. He will always be remembered in my heart as a mastermind and a genius in the technology world. I hope when I grow older I wish I could even achieve a percentage of what he has accomplished.  With love and sympathy.
You have changed the world as well as how I live and do things. Thank you. My thoughts and prayers are with the family.
Once in a generation, once in a century, one human being makes a  difference that affects our civilization and resonates into our future.  Mr. Jobs has done that with his life and vision.  God Bless You, and Thank You...
I saw Steve speak one time, in Cambridge Massachusetts at a tech convention in the late 1980's.  Steve was showing his latest NeXt computer.  Here he was, in front of the East Coast techies, who thought well of themselves.  He was all alone with a couple of slides and that iconic NeXt cube computer that had no mouse, keyboard, screen, nothing.  Just a cube.  He gave his opening, then went into Q&amp;A.  He won over each questioner one-by-one, and the audience.  Not only was he convinced that the NeXt was superior in every way, but everyone in that audience knew it too.  I will never forget that moment.  Thank you Steve.
I am a college student from China       I love advisements and media,and my specialized subject is computer and information      Mr.Jobs means a idol to me ,a leader,a legend      The world need Jobs,maybe God needs Jobs ,too      Mr.Jobs,you have got away,but the enterprising spirit and creative mind will never die       Wish you happy in heaven,from my heart.
Steve Jobs was know as the man who recreated the way we look at, and use technology today. He showed us that an idea, hard work, and dedication go a long way.  He will never be forgotten. R.I.P.
Thank you Steve for all the greatness you left in our hearts and in our hands! I'll always ride the wave of your legacy.  To Steve family, friends and colleagues at Apple I send you my deep condolences.
Thank you Steve not only for what you did for this world but personally for me.  I began using Apple computers in graduate school and continued today in my consulting business.  I have been poked fun and not considered a serious business person due to use of MacBooks in my business.  I guess I got the last laugh as I repeatedly told all that you can have wintels and apple is and will always be my computing source.  God bless Steve Job and thank you for being such an influence in my life.  May Steve's legacy ALWAYS be retained in every product designed &amp; produced by Apple.  Steve Jobs is and always will be Apple.
When I was 15 I had a friend with an Apple IIe. I was blown away.....and jealous.  It was years before I could actually afford an Apple product but once  I was able to, I have continued purchasing just about every product Apple makes. Apple has just made my life "better" in so many ways and I thank Steve  Jobs for that. Thank you Steve. We will miss you.
Sadly I don't even remember the year, but I was in DC for a computer networking symposium near L'Enfant Plaza. One evening's function was courtesy of Steve - he had rented the Smithsonian Air and Space Museum for our group to introduce/ show his Next computer. Amid strolling musicians, Irish coffee, and petit fours, I got to meet Steve, shake his hand and listen to him talk abou the Next.   H Ross Perot was there, introduced by Steve, and his son talked about his recent military rescue mission.   I'm happy I got to personally meet Steve, way back when. I am sad.
Thanks for being here and changing world.  We all will miss you forever.     May he rest in peace.
May you rest in peace knowing how you have changed so many people's  lives.  God Bless the Jobs Family.
I never thought this would be so hard, I feel like losing someone really close to me, I wish all the best for  the Jobs family, the Apple team and all of the people whom Steve  inspired and accompanied.
I would like to share my condolences to Steve's family, friends and colleagues. I am deeply saddened that the world has lost a creative genius and visionary. As I am studying to become an Industrial Designer, I appreciate and admire the work Steve has committed throughout the years that has changed and shaped the industry today. He was a true inspiration and always will be.
Steve Jobs is really a genius in this time, everyone will miss him  worldwide. This man is going to live in the memory of this generation and for  generations. I'm from a far away country and had never seen Steve Jobs in my whole  life, yet he will always stay in my memory and always be the grand man.
Thank you Steve for all your hard work, you will be missed.
Your inspiration will guide future generations fro decades to come.
What an amazing, creative force Steve was.  We are saddened to hear of  his death.
A better world because of you.
WE WILL MISS YOU..  genius!
What an amazing human being. When I was 15, i received my first apple computer in 1984 and have not stopped to marvel at his genius, and have loved the culture of Mac that Steve built. Though I only met him once, he was one of the few people that I looked up too, and visioned of working at Apple ever since.    Let his legacy be that he has developed not only a company that builds technology equipment but of creating the culture of Mac that so many have joined and relished over the last 30 years….A way of life for millions of people that the rest of the world only now is beginning to understand.    God bless you Steve and may you live forever in our hearts
Steve Jobs has honestly influenced my life so much. I'm proud to say I'm  emailing this message right now on my Macbook Pro, with my iTouch, iPod  Nano, and Macbook are close by. It took one man to change technology  forever. He made such an impact on every customer, always with pleasing  products. I remember how upset I was after hearing he had resigned from  his position, only to find out months later, he had passed away. He was  a great man with a talent and passion for technology like no other.
Do not write in English very well, but I did my best to express the void in the world will have after the death of this genius The world lost an incredible person, a genius that mankind will miss. Jobs made a progress in 56 years something that mankind will take at least 100 years to execute the same. His death will leave a void in the world and the feeling that we lost a genius. my condolences
i love what you did in this world and what you came up. This is a very  sad day. my prayers go out to his family and close friends RIP Steve  Jobs.
This is indeed a very sad day that words cannot describe. I can't hardly  think of any single person in modern day who has done more to improve  and enrich the lives of our fellow Americans and people the world over  than Mr. Jobs. What a tremendous loss to mankind. I am grieving for us  all.  May he rest in peace.
Rest in peace wherever you are!! Thanks for your clear mind, bright ideas which have innovate our world.  Making it easier and happy.
Steve was such an incredible inspiration for me and so many others. He made me feel okay and excited about following my heart. His contributions will not be forgotten. My thoughts are with his family and friends. He was was an exceptional man and will be dearly missed.
He inspired us on a single way in each one's lives. Thanks Apple, Thanks Steve.
When  you have tears hearing about someone passing on and have never met  that person, it is a sign of someone who has truly affected this world.  I am an artist making a great and fun  living in this world because of  Steve Jobs. Wow!
My sincerest condolences to all family at this time of sorrow.  You was one of a kind, changed the lives of millions &amp; will be missed.   God Bless
Today is one of the saddest day of my life. you can't imagine how many  time I said " I love you Steve jobs" every time i use my iPhone , my mac  book, my iPad and see how brilliant it operate I used to say " I love  you steve jobs"  It's a sad day. I don't know what to say  ...
Thanks what you have given to the world. While your life was short, you are true example of the quality of life not the quantity of life.
I don't have too many words for Steve, because maybe already everything has been said, but we should remember him as the leader he was, with all the innovations his mind created. He was somebody who loved going beyond expectations, and most of all he was a real GENIUS.
All I can say is thank you for my first computer... my favorite lap top  and my favorite phone. Steve Jobs will never be forgotten.
You were  such a great man, you allowed me to touch a piece of  technology, and I think the world is saying the same.
Steve, you are an example for anybody who wants to do whatever in the  best way. Thank you to show me the way to get it.  I never forget you Steve
I don't know if I am a geek or I just play too much with my  toys. I really love all that you have brought to the world. I am really crying because I will miss your great Keynotes. You changes  the world and there will be know one like you again.
Steve Jobs' passing is a great loss for all of us in the technology world.
Thank you Steve for changing the world. You will truly be missed. May you rest in peace.
I always admired Steve he was an awesome Entrepreneur, Visionary, Inventor and now he has left a big hole in the map of invention in USA which cannot be filled in.   May God bless his soul and may he rest in peace. May God give his immediate family friends and his employees the strength to deal with the loss.
God bless Steve and his family.  To his Apple family, we are sorry for your loss as well.
Just home from work, wake up my iMac, and the news of Steve's death  greets me on the New York Times main page.  Flip on MSNBC and the tributes are already running.  I am stunned and  greatly saddened.  It feels like a death in the family.  What an incomparable person he was. What a life he had. What a  legacy he leaves!
Hello, I've recently become part of the Apple team. I'd like to take this opportunity to celebrate a person with whom I would have enjoyed having a conversation.
Just to say that even though I've never personally met Steve, every time I heard him speak, it felt personal. My thoughts and prayers are with the entiree Jobs family, and in 200 years, when people speak of personal computing, he  will most certainly be remembered as one of the forefathers.  He will most certainly be missed.
Dear Steve,  I regret for not sending an email to you earlier (and see whether I could get a reply). But thank you for being an inspiration source to everyone of us till the last minute of your life and beyond.
Thanks Steve Jobs for bringing some brilliance into our lives.  You will be missed.
My dad buying an Mac 128k and letting me run wild with it was probably one of the most influential events in my life. It taught me to read, it taught me math, and it kicked off a lifelong passion for computers and programming. It's amazing to me that he and Apple designed a computer that I didn't even have to know how to read to interact with *in the 80's*.  I can't believe I'm getting so emotional about a person I've never met, but I'm tearing up. I guess I've sort of interacted with his personality in a lot of the products I've used, and I've always had that sense. I'll miss him, I hope I'll get to keep seeing a bit of him in Apple's stuff.
Thank you for sharing your gifts with all of the world Steve.  You will  remain in my heart as a trailblazer, a pioneer, a visionary, and one who  never gave up.  Rest in Peace Steve.  My sincere condolences to the Jobs  and Apple families.
To a great man,  I never met you but I feel like I know you. May your soul rest in peace. Adieu.
What can be said about Steve Jobs that his actions have not? He built a great company and pioneered the personal computer. After being fired he returned  to his company, only to make it the most valuable in the world. As I send this message from my iPhone, I am saddened. He was the last of a dying breed,  a great entrepreneur. His work has impacted nearly every person on the planet in one way or another. The world has lost a great inventor, spokesperson,  businessman, genius, human, and American. What Steve left behind can not be  put into words.
Though this is a moment of sadness and loss as surely we have lost a great mind, innovator, and icon, I can't seem to shake the following phrase in homage of a legacy still not even fully realized:  "iLive On."  Mr. Jobs-I never knew you but for your quotes, charisma, drive, and technological genius, which is to say I must have known you well. You will indeed live on, sir, as an inspiration for us all.
Steve Jobs, Thank you for everything!!
What a great person with amazing ideas. You will be missed Steve!
Thanks Steve. You have inspired many of us. We will miss you.
I am very sad to hear of Steve Job's demise. My condolences to his family. Hope Apple can continue to grow from strength to strength as it is the best way to thank Steve Job.
Speechless. Shocking news this morning. May you rest in Peace, Mr Incredible.
Steve Jobs, I will always remember you like my hero. RIP.
Thank you for bringing us technology that we experience, not simply use.
The world has truly lost an amazing man with a fantastic vision. He will be sorely missed.
My name is Ben and I'm 8. Steve Jobs was   my hero like Derek Jeter. Steve Jobs helps the world and Derek Jeter   helps the pitcher when he's doing bad he calms the pitcher down when   he's stressed I think there is a similarity with these two amazing   people. Steve Jobs changed the world, he did things no one can do, and   every one's heart dropped when he was diagnosed with cancer. So the   point is Steve Jobs will be remembered for ever like Babe Ruth or   Thomas Jefferson. Now I hope Apple will invent and make thing like the   iphone 5,6,7,8,9 and so on.
I wish to express my sadness for the loss of such a great mind. He will be remembered as a man who changed the world and how we looked at it ...  Thank you Steve. Rest in peace.
I fell in love with computers when I first saw the Apple IIe.  You made computers fun, exciting and most important ensured the human interaction with machine was perfect, seamless, elegant.  You created and recreated what Apple is and in a way groomed a generation of technologist to think different.  Thank you for all of your innovation.  You have changed a generation, one person, one product at a time.  You will be missed but never forgotten.
Pirates of The Silicon Valley was the movie that make me become interesting about Steve and Apple. I starting read news about Steve and Apple. Watch every product launching presentation from Steve in YouTubes. This guy is really a eccentric but an awesome superhuman. Really feel sad of his depart.
He is simply the best and most talented human being of his generation. We will never forget him, his vision, drive and determination.   Please extend my sympathies to his family, we think of you and your great loss. God bless you.
I am very sorry to hear that Steve is gone. But, he will always be remembered for his ability to change the world, one apple product at a time. I also want to thank him and i hope he is in a better place now.
My thoughts to his family and friends who must be suffering greatly I am very sad and I hardly knew him, though Steve Jobs was one of my all time heroes
I'm so sad Thank you Mr.steve for sharing your imagination with the world. You will always be remembered
Deep condolences Steve jobs, I wish you all the way walk good.
I lost part of my technology world. He is my aspiration, he was one of the reasons of my new tech knowledge.he made the real changes, he made the real technology, he made the impossible. Will NEVER forget you ever. your tunes will keeps you alive, in everything you made and everything have not made yet, at least in my life time.
We have lost a great man. Steve has personally touched my life through his innovative products. That does not compare to the personal lose of his family and friends; however, he will be missed by all.   God bless those who are grieving in their personally lose. Be thankful for the memories all of you share.
Steve Jobs was not only a visionary but an implementer. He gave us products that were thought of as difficult to make or impossible but he did and made it easy and simple to apply in our daily lives, that they were not mere gadgets but tools that made life a bit easier.   Whenever I see or touch apple, I will remember Steve. Farewell Steve.
Steve Jobs, a great mind, Get out of life to enter History. Rest in Peace.
Love his products very smart man you can tell by his past speeches and  development of apple products rest in peace steve maybe he will bring as  much education to the next life we will miss you steve
Steve Jobs has inspired me in more ways than I can put into words. He was brilliant and visionary and influenced the entire world. The universe will be sad for its loss of a genius and the most inspiring man living today, easily.   I feel like I have lost a family member, a close friend-- someone who I can't explain how he has touched my life, but has in every way.   Rest In Peace Steve Jobs, I send good wishes for your family and will never forget you.
Rest in peace Steve Jobs. You were a true inspiration.  With my deepest sympathy,
I'm out of words He is a good man giving creative and changed the world he might have died in person but I will always be touched by him and he is always alive within me he inspired alout of people and he deserves to be will remembered always.  I'm out of words now i'm shooked wish I had the chance to meet him in person.  To his family I can't picture your greef and he will always be your hero and mine.
My deepest sympathy to Steve's family! The world has lost a true genius! Thank you Steve, you have made my life easier and more enjoyable. I too have battled cancer and prayed for you.  Sent from my iPad
Prayers for the family and friends for comfort at this sad time.
My first computer is an Apple ll. It has changed my life. My career, my entertainment and a lot more. Steve, you have aways been my inspiration and I think it will be until the day I dead.
I've drawn so much inspiration from Steve and his work. I feel like I've lost a childhood hero.   Wish I could have gotten to meet you at least once in my life. I'll miss you. Those keynotes won't be the same with out you there.  Here's to you Steve. You were crazy enough to change the world.
My deepest empathy and condolence  to  Mr. Job's Family and apple.  Today the world has lost true great human and Innovator. I never had opportunity to meet him personly, But  He has touch our lives in so many ways. May his soul rest in  peace.
Mr Jobs, RIP. Our hearts go out to your family.  Grew up with Star Trek. You made my dream come true with iphone. You embodied the best of mankind-human vision, human courage and  human self-belief. You will always be remembered with affection and admiration. One man can make a difference.
i hope you did all you had set out to do, you are an inspiration and  responsible for much laughter and knowledge.
I cannot type so many thank you in a row, so i will do it once for all  of them.....THANK YOU.
I'm an artist and a graphic designer, and I just wanted to say that because he did what he loved (and did it well), Steve Jobs has let me do what I have a passion for as well. Without his creativity and inspiration, I wouldn't have the tools to do what I do. Apple facilitates a lot of my creative process, and makes my life so much easier. I couldn't imagine trying to get by without my macbook, ipod, or iphone. He was truly an inspiring person.
I am not an employee of Apple, but I am really sad about his passing. He was an extraordinary man with an incredible vision. We loss someone great. This world will not be the same without him. Apple will not be the same without him.
Certainly God will see the apple with new eyes…
Thank you for being who you are and for dragging all the companies to evolve and make human life easier when dealing with computers.
Today the world has lost a truly great inventor and business person! You have changed the world, thanks for everything. R.I.P
I'm just writing because I felt that I couldn't go to sleep if I don't do it. Sincerely, I want to give you all my condolences. Steve was a technology genius for a lot of people, but he was human and that was the most awesome thing about him. Some years ago I saw his speech in Stanford University, and I realize that we just have one way to get whatever we want... just dream and follow our heart...He made me realize about it, and that is why today I'm writing to you.... I would love to meet him, but it was not possible, but I'm happy just thinking that he was in this world to teach us this... Today is a sad day for a lot of people, hope you can feel our love
RIP Steve Jobs! You were part of the creation of Pixar one of the biggest inspirations of my life. You created the Apple industry which fuels my creativity and inspiration. You were a great CEO and spectacular visionary. I am so shocked right now. The Apple glow on our macbook pros will glow for you!
God bless and rest in peace Steve, you've earned it! Thank You!
I would just like to say Steve was an amazing inspiration for me and I'm  sad to see him pass. Rest in peace Steve Jobs you have created a company  like no other.
May you RIP, Mr. Jobs. This world is a better place because of you.
I just wanted to say goodbye to the man who played such a pivotal role in my technological development. Steve, you have changed my life without ever meeting me. Thank you.
Today is a sad day for geeks everywhere. I still have my plush   smackamac that my father gave to me as a little girl. we never owned   anything other than a apple product and in our home we were always   "early adopters". Steve Jobs is a representation of being fearless, a   dreamer and even of second chances. At the age of 27 being born in the   year of Macintosh 1984 my life will always be affected and changed   because of Steve Jobs. Thank you for all of your contributions.
I live in Brazil and I can't even start telling how sorry I am for this great lost. We have so much to thank him. I hope that he was aware of that when he was alive. A great genius doesn't die, he rests. His memory will be forever with us.
It has been a pleasure to use Apple from the beginning and to see such a person create such a product for the world is a miracle in itself. Truly a wonderful man who will be missed. God bless.
Thank you for all your hard work and dedication!!
So long Steve, thanks for all the toys!
The first computer we ever owned was an Apple, and my parents have had them every since, I can still remember the joy I felt when I received my first IPod and I am about to receive my first IPhone, thank you Steve for sticking your vision and changing the world in the process, you will be missed and you will always be loved for your contributions. I will miss you even though i never met you and that is the greatest compliment I can pay you.
Thanks Steve to change our world, to change our lives, to change the way  that we all live, to make our lives easy.  THANK YOU.
Steve jobs has meant so much in my life with the Apple computer, a  career in the graphic arts centering around the Mac, music and photography on my precious iMac,  a son who programs, a  daughter about to get her first iPhone, I can't imagine a world without Apple, Steve you will be missed but we  know your spirit will live on! Thank You!
Thanks Steve for everything you've given us.  You have revolutionized so many industries and we are all better off for your contributions to the global society.  You will be missed beyond measure.  God bless Steve.
Sudden tragedies remind of the fragility of life,  Steve Jobs was not just important to his friends, family and co-workers but to the world, we have all lost a visionary and a man who sought the good in all things, but we must honour the legacy he has left behind, one that will prosper for many years to come and through this Steve remains with us all.  Thank you Steve for changing the lives of so many, and may you Rest in Peace.
Thank you. Your creativity has made it possible for me, as a musician  and composer, to realize my dreams - from first recording music in my  bedroom, to creating music for feature films and tv shows, your machines  have changed my life and made the impossible possible. I can sincerely  say that every piece of music and art I've made in the last 15 years has  happened with the help of the tools you innovated.  Thank you for everything.
Steve you have been my mentor all my life. You created the iPod touch and now the iPhone. You have been an inspiration to the world. We will all miss you and we know you will be still inventing and using your creative mind in heaven. Rest in peace Steve Jobs.
Steve Jobs has truly inspired me as an individual and I wish his family  and friends my sincerest condolences.
I would like to wish the best to Steve's family and all people on Apple... We have lost a huge part of this world, this world that could't be this without his creations... I'm really sorry... I always loved Steve's creations... I always followed him from here... I will remember him and his quotes... for ever Thanks Steve! Thanks for all wonderfull things that you have bring to our lifes...
The lights are a little dimmer tonight because Steve Jobs has passed  from this earth. His vision and imagination brought light into the lives  of so many. We will miss you, Steve, even though we never personally  knew you.
Apple has changed my life, thanks to you.
Dear Apple, I remember in 1986 at 13 years old getting an Apple IIC and how utterly amazing it was. Now at 38 years old I can't fathom life without the innovations that Steve and Apple have provided for us as well as Pixar, the mouse and other design and media. Thank you Steve...I write this with tears in my eyes but joy in my heart. We will all miss you terribly but you will live on in all  of our hearts.
Prayers for the family of Steve. What a great visionary. He will be missed.
It seems absolutely absurd to say that a phone changed my life, but it's true. In fact I don't look at my phone as a thing I use to call people it's a tool I use to become who I am. It has molded me and made me smarter, much faster, (lost 25 pounds using an app) I've made so many friends using it! I've found my way and discovered new places, food, games. To think that one man brought to life this period of human intellect. Apples devices have made us all more aware of our planet as a whole our community or connection to each other. They have helped teach us how complicated our "systems" have become and  we now know things must change. We will change them! Thank you Steve for your beautiful life.... Thank you for helping touch so many, for bringing us together and for shooting for perfection! You will be missed you will be loved and never forgotten!
I think, my first using a Mac is 1997. I was very surprised its interface better than PC. In 1998, when I saw the iMac I was attached its beautiful design. Steve was an icon and very powerful inspiration for me. I have been happy with his creative items such as iPod. Thank you, Steve. I appreciate to live at the same time with you. Rest in peace.
Dear Apple,                       I can remember the first time I saw my first macintosh in person was when  i was being  shown around my prospective secondary school, they had nine macs, it was 1985, I knew i had to go this school because it must be some kind of super school if it had nine macs. They were so beautiful and i remember the sense of wonder when i first used them.                    I am so sad at the loss of Steve Jobs, I just to offer my condolences to his family, friends and colleagues, I have loved Apple macs for twenty seven years, I was so happy when he came back in 1996 to guide Apple back from the brink and was happy and thrilled at all the success that Steve and everybody at Apple has achieved. I will miss the Keynotes and product introduction and of course, the one more thing. It will never be the same again.
I cannot express my sadness over this, Our world is dealing with a huge loss . He will be missed. He was an amazing man. His creations and thoughts are still with us, in our hands, our ears, and on our desks. We love him and hopefully he will be with us in spirit.
What a sad day! Steve Jobs, RIP. Thank you for your vision and amazing contribution to the world.
My first computer was a Mac Plus. After upgrading it to 4mb RAM and adding a 10mb hard drive, I knew I would NEVER need anything else! I was only partially wrong because while I did end up needing a few more upgrades, it was always Steve that provided them. Thanks for the vision!  R.I.P.
I would just like to say that Steve was the reason I loved apple. I just  became an appleite about three years ago and have been hooked ever  since. From getting my first iPod to forcing my mom to get an iPhone  to getting my first mac which I love like a baby. Steve was a brilliant  man and will forever be part of history. He will forever be the face of  Apple. He is truly and amazing person. He is my hero.
Steve Jobs left behind a legacy of innovation and inspiration, pushing technology to its limits and changing the way our societies function. I truly respect him as a one of the most influential figures of our time. My condolences to his family, his friends and the Apple community.
One of my goals in life was to meet Steve Jobs in person and learn about  his vision and great achievements. Unfortunately that goal cannot be  completed now because of his passing. He was a great visionary,  inspirational figure, and a great CEO. I actually think he did make a  dent in the Universe with bringing his intelligent ideas to life. I can  say that another goal I had was to be hired by Apple and fortunately  that has been accomplished recently. It was great working for Steve  Jobs. He will never be forgotten. I will always miss and remember him.  One day, when it's my time, I will hopefully be able to meet this man in  the next life.
He is in a better place where there is no pain. Will be remembered   forever.
Thank you Mr. Jobs, for everything. You have forever changed the lives of billions of people. This world is a better place because of you.
I just want to say thank you. Your products have changed my life. Now God can use your genius in heaven. God Bless You Steve and May You Rest In Peace.
I'm deeply saddened by the loss of this great visionary. His legacy and  astronomic achievements will live on and it would be impossible to  forget the charismatic leader of Apple.
You have no idea how your company's ideas have sincerely enriched my life. I  have met some of the greatest friends of my life through your technology. Steve, you put communication, you put information, you put the world, you put  my friends in the palm of my hand, and in my pocket. You made the computer a  personal connection. I will miss your ideas.
The world has just lost a man whose ideas became standards.
Steve will truly never be forgotten.  His love for changing lives was always shown.
Thank you Steve Jobs for sharing your vision with the world. Rest in peace.
I wish to express how absolutely sad it was for me to find out about Mr. Jobs' passing!  Even though I never met Mr. Jobs, Tonight I feel as if a close friend or family member has died.
Thank you, Steve Jobs, for everything you have created.   You will always be an example of excellence, tact and artistry.  My prayers go out to your family.   May you rest in peace.           Love,  A tiny part of the Apple family
when I saw the news on television that Steve Jobs had died, it ruined my day, and Steve Jobs for me is irreplaceable, a name that will never be forgotten, Steve Jobs in my opinion, a true genius of technology. Steve Jobs? in my opinion a true Warrior, Steve Jobs has peace,
Steve shaped my life in many ways. I've followed him since the early 80s and have always been in awe of his creative genius. He changed the way we live, work, entertain, and educate ourselves, by  giving us the first computer  that was really personal, and allowing us to conceive music, communications and books in an entirely different manner. His commencement speech at Stanford a few years back is a must listen/read for all. I can't help but feel  his passing as a personal loss and my only wish is that his genius continues to live on through the fantastic company he created. Long live Apple!
<div>The Apples change the world: Adams, Newtons and Steve Jobs!! An immortal human being.</div>
Dear Laurene, When my girlfriend texted me on my iPhone today telling me that Steve Jobs had died, my heart stopped. How can such a giant die, a person who had done so much for the world must be immortal. Words cannot even begun to explain how terribly sorry i am for your loss. Rest In Peace Steve Jobs, you will be missed.
This is really really sad for all of us..his fans. I think i have not been this sad about the passing away of a CEO of a Co. ever.   God sometimes takes such brilliant, innovative and great human beings earlier. I guess it is HIS way of letting us know what we are going to miss the most.    May his family have the courage to bear this deep loss.   My condolences &amp; prayers.
I am so sorry for the loss of Steve Jobs. I was on the Apple website looking at the new iPhone 4s, when I went back to the main page and saw the picture of Steve. It may seem strange but I started to cry. I never knew Steve Jobs personally, but I looked forward to everyone one of his Keynote speeches and set reminders for when they would be on, so I could get excited about my next Apple purchase. We spend hours as a family in the Apple Stores, because it just feels like home. Steve was a brilliant man and so excited about his work! Not many people get to go to work each day and be that excited and proud of what you do for work.  To the Apple Team - know that Steve is still with each of you and he will be watching to see what great products you come up with in the future.  Make Steve proud!
Steve  -  WELL DONE!   Creating so many beautiful and functional products  The constant pursuit of excellence – firmness, commodity and delight  Apple computers have become exquisite jewels  Where even opening the box is exciting  A rare architectural experience where less is more and more and more...WELL DONE Steve!
My first computer was an Apple II.  My first encounter with the web was using Claris Communicator.  The company's products were a meaningful part of my childhood, and now I am the proud owner of a small business that uses Apple products exclusively.  My thoughts and prayers are with Steve's family.  His contributions to technology and humanity rightly earned him the legacy that lives on.
You will always be remembered.
Steve jobs was my idol and my hero. His work and dedication to the work he loved inspired and saved me from my downfall. He has had one of the greatest impacts on my life and I will always remember him and he will live on forever  through every apple emblem. The world has lost one of the greatest. Already  miss the legacy.
Dear Apple,  Although I'm only thirteen and that I wasn't there for the creation of Apple, I always have heard my father say that Steve Jobs represented the American Dream and that he was his ideal role model. I agree with that statement entirely and I am sorry for your loss.
You are an angel now... if you need I have some beats for your iPod in heaven...
Most of the world misses you, the rest of them don't know how much they will miss you.
There are too many things I'd like to say. He has given the world a light of hope; made it braver, brighter and smarter. As I write this email from my iPhone, the rest of the world's Apple products are probably roaring with activity throughout the rest of the world. If there was ever such a thing as world peace, Steve Jobs' creations brought the world just a little closer together. Because of Apple, I got a chance to start a life and career I never thought i could have. So thank you Apple, Thank You Steve Jobs.   We love you and will miss you. The world tonight is united for the first time in human history.   Please give my condolences to his closest friends and family. My prayers go out to him.
I have been an Apple fan for many years and I know that Steve was the force behind all those great products. I will miss him and his thoughts of what was to be.
Steve was an amazing innovator, extraordinarily creative, thought out of the box and made all of us 'think'!     We will miss you Steve.You have been an inspiration to me and all of the people who want to build something one day!     May your soul rest in Peace.
I would like to send my condolences to all of his family and friends and I would like to say that he was an incredibly inspiring person and I hope that he died in peace, knowing how much people admired him and loved everything he created.
Steve is handing you the flashlight, wants you to search out the next horizon.  We have our fingers crossed that you will terrify the next generation of engineers and designers as much as he did the last two.
This is a Sad Day for the Tech World. I want to Graduate with a Degree in Computer Science and work for Apple. Steve Jobs' Ideas were very inspiring to me, and will continue to live on through our thoughts of him.
Steve, you changed how we live, how we work, how we interact, how we communicate. From a grateful person and a grateful world, we know you are in a better place but we'll miss your constant refusal to entertain average.
You were our very own thomas edison, our very own promise of progress.
Steve Jobs is an amazing man. Always coming up with new and revolutionary products, inventing genius ideas and his amazing stage presence made him the best CEO ever. A human being will be hard pressed to aspire to a better founder, creator and mentor other than Steven Paul Jobs. One can only hope that Apple will continue with its legacy as making the best products known to man without this amazing leader. My condolences to his family, I am grieving his loss, but I cannot imagine the grief of his wife and children. Although he is dead and gone, his legacy, life and leadership will continue forever and despite the terrible tragedy, let us rejoice at the wonder of being able to watch Steven Paul Jobs ignite the spark that flamed into a  bonfire of a company we now call Apple Inc.  My deepest condolences and heartfelt grief.
A man that made a huge difference. RIP Steve.
Hey Steve,  	Can I call you Steve? We have never met, so maybe it's Mr. Jobs? But   you have been a large part of my life for many years now so if you   don't mind too much, I will just call you Steve. This may be entirely   pointless  but I just want to thank you. I want to thank you for   opening doors into new worlds and brighter futures. You have changed   the lives of millions, including mine. From the techy dad who talked   of you to the colored mac desktops that I had in elementary school...   I remember thinking those were the most amazing things ever by the   way. And Bugdom became my complete obsession for my entire 3rd grade   career....But to be honest you really came into my life with your   innovation of the ipod. Pure genius. And you cemented yourself in my   life with Macbook. And please note, I am not talking about the objects   themselves so much as what they have meant to me, what they have done   for me, and where they have taken me. You will never know just how   much you have done for me or how much you have changed the lives of   millions, it's probably incomprehensible. But I just want to say thank   you once again, from the bottom of my heart. Im grateful for your   life, your sacrifices, your innovation, and your life.
R.I.P Steve Jobs, Thank you for all the happiness, surprise and future you show us.
" From the other side of the world, Steve has inspired me in times of uncertainty. I read and re-read his famous speech given to Stanford University - thanks to Technology, we will still be touched by your inspiring thoughts."  Thanks and farewell!
Apple, personified by Steve Jobs, has been a decades-long influence on both my work and home lives in ways that have become so integral that I could not imagine how different it would have been without it. While I'm sure that Apple will continue to lead and innovate, and no doubt succeed, I will miss having what I've always felt to be a connection with the soul of the company. My career as a graphic designer began before Macintosh, and when it arrived it seemed to confirm that there was someone in the computer world who shared the way creative people think. Some of the best memories I have were waiting for Steve to take the stage for MacWorld's keynote, and have him amaze us with just one more glimpse of a future that was starting at that moment. I am glad that he was able to see Apple flourish under his leadership, and to know the appreciation that users everywhere had for his contribution to the technology that enriches our lives.
I'm sitting here in front of my computer and cannot believe I'm this upset over the death of a man who I never met. But I'm slowly realizing that he wasn't just any man. I've listened to his 2005 Stanford commencement speech perhaps 20 times and his description of death is the most fitting today; "death is very likely the single best invention of life." He finally became the "old" but paved the way for the "new." An innovator, an inspiration to those with dreams of greatness, he led Apple to become the only company that, in my opinion, got me to buy their products mainly because he introduced them. Truly a sad day.
An amazing human being and truly one of the most inspirational individuals of our time. Thank you for your beautiful mind and magnificent contributions to our culture.
So very sad to hear that Steve Jobs has passed away.  We have lost one of the great ones.  Sincerest sympathies to his family, friends and colleagues.
When I heard Steve Jobs had died I felt immeasurably sad. I have never  met him, I did not know him but I live with his products every day. More  importantly, I have been in awe of his vision, his creativity, his  genius for so long and will miss his presence in this world.  We will  all miss him so much
Thank you for creating a wonderful world for us through Apple Computers. True visionary and innovator. A King of your domain. You will be missed. God Bless.
You did good job!  May God bless you.  God want to change his world with you but we miss you.
its a sad sad day, reading about Steve's passing  his genius has been in building a company, which produces products, and interfaces, which bring constant pleasure, and sublime ease of use to many of us on a day to day basis  bon voyage Steve  you have left the world a much better place, by making many of the things we do so much easier, and so much more fun !
Dear Steve in Heaven God created the world and gave us Steve Jobs. I may have not known you   at personal level, but have come to cherish the works of yours hands,   soul and spirit. You made Africa develop in communication, so fast   that Kenya is now compared to any other developed country in the world   in terms of communication. My Dear God, Thank You for Giving us Steve Jobs. RIP our Steve Jobs, for I shall always appreciate you.   Kind Regards.
I feel like I have just lost a very close friend..a source of inspiration..a  great spirit. You had touched a very special place in my heart and earned the most respect from me as a human being. Your works, your words, your legend will always remain in my heart forever. Your story will become much-told as a historic hero. Rest in peace, Mr.Jobs.
I am deeply sad to find out Jobs passed away this morning. He and his spirit is going to be with us forever. Thanks so much for creating so many wonderful and amazing Apple things for us, which made a big change in my life and others around me. Thanks for so many great presentations which I shared with my students in a China English language learning class. Those presentations helped me and my students to learn things in many ways beyond learning a foreign language. We see the innovation, spirit and inspiration through all of them. Thanks for making the world better.
Steve Jobs has made such a big difference in my life.  He will be missed by his friends, family, and fans.
To the entire Apple family...   Because he did it so well... all of you who followed Steve have unfailingly and courageously kept your eyes on tomorrow.     Today, you'll lower your gaze for a time.   To look around at all there is, here, today, to cherish and celebrate...   And yes... you'll also look down to mourn.  But remember... Tomorrow is waiting.   And when you get there... Steve will get there too.   Here's to the Crazy Ones...
RIP Steve, a true American Original, by whom we were greatly blessed.
Steve Jobs changed the world for the better.  Our lives are enriched   for what he created.  He will live forever in his ideas and inventions   of the IPhone, IPOD, Mac and think Pad.  My condolences to his   family.  He was taken too early.
My condolences to Family &amp; Friends of Steve Jobs. What a Genius, should  have had a Nobel Prize! He will be sadly missed.
Steve Jobs and the company he built forever changed our lives and inspired  a generation. What a loss for our nation, but an even greater loss for his  family and friends. He will be missed by millions.
My deepest condolences to Steve Jobs's family. The world has lost to great person. I'm very very sorry.
Steve was indeed a visionary.  Its rare to see someone master their craft with the same finesse as Steve.  Some compare him to Edison, I would compare him to Einstein.  The man was more than a visionary, he was a pioneer, executioner and simply put, a genius who has changed the world in ways we have yet to discover.  Its rare to see a fellow technologist receive the Nobel Piece award for their contributions but I think he is long overdue and if I¹m ever asked, he has my vote.  God Bless  you Steve.
He brought wonderful things to all.  He brought forth the idea that  people could have a computer in their home without having to be a rocket  scientist.  His gift was bringing the world in the hands of everyone,  from school kids to grandparents.  He never stopped giving until he  could give no more.  I know that he instilled that same excitement in  those that work for Apple today.  Nonetheless, he will be sadly missed.
Steve Jobs  has become part of a greater design. Your legacy will not be forgotten. R.I.P.
My condolences to Steve Job’s family. He was a real visionary and true intellect of our generation. May his soul rest in peace.
Only the good die youngA visionaryA masterA poet of innovationMay he be able to impact the heavens as he did the earth....  An Apple a day, now has new meaning.
RIP Steve!  Thank you for the iPhone, iPad, AppleTV, and MacBook!!!
Thank you for the life of Steve Jobs. His vision, creativity and  courage. He has given us and continues to give us, unlimited hours of  immense pleasure and satisfaction due to the exemplary nature of Apple  products created under his stewardship. Our thoughts and prayers are  with his family, friends and colleagues.
Steve, We will be with you forever. Thanks for everything you have done for us.
I would just like to let Apple and Steve Jobs' family know that he was a  great inspiration to me ever since I was a kid using my brand new eMac  which helped me discover the wonders of both the internet and the world itself. Thank you Steve.
My heartfelt condolences to Mr. Jobs' family. I am and have always been an Apple computer devotee. If I did not have a Mac, I would not have a computer, and I use a computer for everything. I am 53 years old, so I have watched the remarkable things Steve Jobs did for Apple from the beginning, and I really like his style. The world is less without him, may he rest in peace.
We will miss you, Steve Jobs. You have transformed our lives, and the social fabric of the entire world, with your genius. Our thoughts go out to his family, and all of his extended family at the Apple stores everywhere.
Goodbye and rest in peace, Mr.Jobs... indeed u have revolutionized the way we lived.  i am so glad that i own  Apple products and u have been in my life not directly, but once before. thanks for the great memories and technology.  u will be missed...
I am so sorry to hear about Steve's passing he was a  wonderful, bright, and intelligent man. He changed the whole world in only just a few years. I wish his family the best and keeping them in my prayers. He could’ve changed the world a whole lot more but wish you the best. R.I.P. Steve Jobs
Steve brought enjoyment to millions through innovative technologies. World will miss his visions and dreams. My sincere condolences to the Jobs and Apple family.
Thank you for improving the quality of my life.
Steve and the original Mac team made computers that people could use.  His ideas made computers interesting and useful, and they are why I do what I do today.
Thank you, Steve, for saving Apple when times were dark.  Thank you for having the vision to take Apple places no-one thought it  could go. You certainly surprised me!  I remember seeing the first "Think Different" commercial on TV late one  night and tearing up. I knew, then, change was coming. I knew you sent  that message out to us -- the faithful -- telling us that everything was  going to be okay now that you were back. Telling us that things would  never be the same -- and they'll never be the same after the products  you helped create.  I'll keep the faith. If ever I'm cut, I will always bleed in six colors.  You will be missed.  My heart goes out to your family.
Dear Steve Jobs, THANK YOU, THANK YOU, THANK YOU. You brought culture and taste and design and innovation to a field that  has ultimately changed all of our lives and will continue to do so. You  will be missed.   --
Steve Jobs now belongs to history and he will forever be included with the great inventors he followed. He will be greatly missed, but never forgotten. I work on my MacBook Pro, communicate on my iPhone, listen to music on my iPod and explore the world on my iPad. "Thank you Steve".
I am a Computer Information Technology Graduate student and an Army Captain in the Florida National Guard.  Today marks a very sad day for me and my constituents as Apple products and the innovation of Steve Jobs has defenitely revolutionized the world of technology and business as we know it.  I extend my greatest and warmest of condolences to the family of Steve Jobs and pray that his legacy lives on.      P.S. Thank You very much Steve Jobs for all that you have done for the world.
He is a genius, a tough guy and man who changed the world. God bless him  and his families.
Thanks for your brilliance, and creative mind. You made my life so much   cooler, convenient, relaxing and easier. OH WHAT WOULD I DO WITHOUT MY IPOD AND MACBOOK PRO? RIP Thanks with love.
You literally put every song I have ever heard into a small box. That is pretty cool.
With deepest sympathy to Steve's family, friends, and the Apple family.  The world has lost a true visionary and a leader in the industry.  Competitors can only hope to accomplish what Steve Jobs did in his too short time on Earth.  What a legacy he has left here.  RIP Steve.
Steve Jobs' story is an american story. A story about pursuing greatness in all its facets. After reading an authorized biography, called Icon, I  began to pursue my own dreams and greatness, living my great american story. Steve Job's story of struggle and setbacks-only to revolutionize  how we communicate will always be inspiring, Rest in Peace!
iSad   The world is forever grateful for your innovative mind.  I will send this email from the innovation and the mind of Steve Jobs.
Steve Jobs, is the Henry Ford of my generation.  He did not create the industry, he revolutionized it.    Thank you for your contribution to technology.
Just want to share my condolences with the Apple team and Jobs family. It's been a pleasure, Steve! Thank you for changing my world.
Today the world lost an amazingly talented leader, visionary, and human being. Steve Jobs was more than just the face of Apple, he was the one that changed the way we use and interact with our computers. While never one to brag on himself, he never let you forget how proud he was of his company, his products, and most importantly his employees.   Steve Jobs will be missed.
Our deepest sympathy for the family. Our family feels as though we have  lost a friend.
Da Vinci, Mozart, Newton, Franklin, Jobs  Nobody is out of place at that table.  RIP Steve.  
I'm speechless.  What a visionary leader and iconic figure.  He will be missed!
Dear Steve,  Rest in Peace.
Steve will always be remembered from people around the world.  He was a very creative, smart, and wonderful guy, and shall never be forgotten.  R.I.P Steve, you will be missed.
Thank you for all your contributions to the Tech Industry. You will be missed.
thank you for making the lives of millions so fun and exciting!
Steve Jobs, I love all your have created. Pray for you live forever in world's soul,  God bless you!
Steve, In years to come, your story will begin like that of a fairy tale.  We will all say, "Once upon a time, there was a man named Steve. Steve Jobs..." Thank you for making our fairy tales and dreams more real and tangible than we ever could have imagined. You, Steve Jobs, changed the world and forever changed how this world connects. Rest well, Steve, you deserve it.
Danke für die Aufregende Zeit, die du uns geschenkt hast. Vor allem allen Technik begeisterten wirst du sehr fehlen. Die Krankheit hat dein Körper besiegt, doch deine Visionen werden weiter leben.  Ein herzliches Beileid an die Familie.  By-by Steve
I knew that Steve was ill, but tonight's headlines still hit me as hard as any death of any public figure has in my lifetime.  I got my first Mac in my teens -- the very first generation, with no interior hard drive. I never looked back.  I have quit jobs because my employers refused to provide me with an Apple computer.   Steve Jobs has represented the best in innovative energy that this country -- and world -- has to offer.  My deepest condolences to his family, his friends, his colleagues, and to the world.  We are all much poorer today.
Thank you for everything. Im happy to say that eventually my kids will  learn about you in school and your name will be with the greats like  J.D. Rockefeller and Henry Ford. Great American Icons that  revolutionized the business world today.
Steve Jobs was an inspiration to our generation of college students.   He revolutionized the tech industry and will be forever missed.
I am extremely saddened to hear the news.  We all love you for your great work for the mankind and will you miss you always.  May his soul rest in peace.
The co-founder of Apple, a genius, a person who made this world different for millions or probably billions of people passed away! He was a bottomless source of inspiration for his colleagues and friends, and proved to everyone BUT absolutely EVERYONE that efforts and dedication to what one does can make this world better! His unique genius introduced PIXAR as one of thethe world'sgreatest if not the greatest cartoon companies. He is gone, but his main and undoubtedly most magnificent foundation will stay with us and every day hundreds and thousands of people all over the globe will pick up their IPHONES, IPODS, IPADS, MACBOOKS and remember him as one of the most incredible persons of all times!
Thank you steve for all you hardwork. You will be greatly missed.
Our thoughts and prayers are with Steve's family. Steve, may you rest   in peace.
I did comps with glue and paper, ideas with tissue and type with hot   wax....and then they brought a Mac into work and everything I had   learned in college and every skill I had mastered as a graphic   designer up to that moment went flying out the window. It was a train   that you had to jump on–or get left behind. I jumped and have never   looked back. Every day, every project, every computer...it's been a   love and a joy. Thanks Steve and every one at Apple. Please keep the   train rolling!
steve jobs will always be our leader that led us to a new era of  technology that has changed the world.
I love my Apple products and I will always remember that Steve Jobs was the guy who brought these beautiful innovations to us. I will always remember him, I grew up with him, and the world has lost a great inventor.  There is no one else like him. He will be greatly missed!
I never knew Steve personally, but I always admired his hard work and dedication to bring back a near (bankrupt) company into a multi-billion dollar organization. He changed the way the music industry works, and introduced the world with iPods which made our music life a lot easier. Steve was a genius and a dedicated man, and its sad to see him go. Steve was a one of a kind man, and its hard to see him go. My condolences to Steve, and his family, and hope this email helps.
I remember when I bought my first Apple.  It was a 2GS.  My friends  laughed at me until they tried it.  They stopped laughing.  It has been  a joy from that day forward through many Apple products, powerbooks,  desktops and always it seemed, I was in the minority among my peers, yet  secretly just laughing at them as they remained staunch in there defense  of PC and Microsoft.  Eventually, one by one they all migrated over to  an Apple product as they finally realized what I had known all along.   That to work on an Apple product, to use one, was just easy and fun.  No  question.  Steve Jobs changed the way I utilized technology and I will  always, always be forever thankful for his brilliance and daring.  It was fitting that I heard of his passing on my iPhone in a text.  My heart goes out to his family.
Steve will be missed dearly from my family and I as he he was more than all my friends thought. He wasn't just a man who made a phone or computer he was THE man that made THE phone and computer in a better way. He was my hero if h e could have a higher role that was past hero it would be him. While Microsoft may had put computers in offices he put the in loving family's. So I here  declare that you not just be a man, but be THE man.
I am sad to know that Steve has left us. I use the products that he leads the company to create and produce. I am typing this email with a Mac Book. The spirit of his and of his company that he has delivered this spirit too, have already changed part of my life. He not only changes the world and he also changes our thoughts in a positive way - we can do anything if we are brave enough. When I see my Mac products, I will always remember Steve Jobs.
I remember the first iPod, I still have it because I love looking at how far  apple has come from that point. A brick iPod to a sleek iPhone. Steve jobs was a genius and it breaks my heart to know someone so intelligent didn't stay on this earth for longer because he could have done so many more amazing things. He changed the world, and now that he's gone I think people are realizing how much of an impact he had on all our lives. He will live on forever through apple and I hope that brings some peace to his family and friends.
Dear Steve,  I watched my brother drop out of school at the age of 10 because he as dedicated to learn the technology that you introduced.  My brother is now a high end Mac based web designer and I wanted to say thank you for your vision.  You have changed our world for the better.  Rest in Peace dear friend.
"A world without  geniuses requires the intervention of a higher power  in order to evolve." Steve, you made my artistic life easier, and opened a magnificent window  for creative opportunities with your innovative tools.  Thanks for your existence and the unique inspiration you gave to us all,  artists and photographers.  You will be missed for a long, long time.
One of the great mind of 21th century has left us. He was not only the founder of Apple, but also the founder of the new era of information technology. He's creation will never be surpass and duplicate. Rest in space, and to Steve's family, have an happy life after
Gracias por todo.  Apple y el mundo no va a ser lo mismo.  Abrazos grandes a los familiares y a la familia apple.
Steve, You have been and will always be 'Apple'. We have lost an icon and a  legend. You will be missed by all.
My daughter has born in the same day that the iPad was announced to the press. Today she plays with her iPad with an incredible ability: she can browse videos, choose apps, play games, turn on/off the device. For her, all of it is something very common.  I stay very happy when I see her playing like this because I know she can do it because one man one day dreamed about it. And dedicated his life to make this dream real.  Thank you Steve, thank you to make our lives full of magic. Thank you to transform technology in something more than a box full of possibilities, but a bright screen of happiness.
Thank you Steve,  I would not be where I am now without your vision.Your life was a road map which taught me how to face adversity  Rest in Peace.
Apple has lost a visionary and creative genius, and the world has lost an amazing human being, and me, I have lost an idol.  So sad, so shock. Goodbye Steve Jobs
Steve Jobs was to communications and computing what Beethoven was to music - an unsurpassed force of invention. All best to all his family, friends, and colleagues.
You made design sell. You knew it was important and we thank you.
My boyfriend and I are Korean and feel very sorry to lost Mr. Jobs today.  We only know him through media but somehow need to write something for him after hearing this sad news.  Maybe we just realize how much we have appreciated some innovate products that he put his inspiration.  We don't only appreciate for the products, we appreciate more for showing his attitude toward life. He gives people the hope by overcoming many difficulties he had been through.  Thank you very much Steve Jobs.  Rest in peace.
what a shame he's gone. a great that revolutionized the world. his legacy will always be alive.
Farewell and God's blessings to a man who ushered in a new era of technology and communication. My heart goes out to Steve¹s family and friends. May they find comfort in knowing he has gone on to a better place, and lived his life the best he could while here on Earth.
So sorry for the lose....my thoughts and prayers go out to his family. He made a huge impact on my life...I am a iPhone user and I love it.  R.I.P Steve Jobs.
This has brought a tear to my eye.  It was clear that he was having  problems and it is a tribute to his efforts that he worked right up to  the end through his passion and belief in everything he did.  Steve, you touched and inspired me as you did many, many other people  all over the world.  Your determination and pure belief in what was  right over what was perceived to be right has influenced a generation.  Your Keynote speeches were concentrated passion and always held the  attention of the world as they watched.  Genuinely, watching your  presentation for permission to build the new Apple HQ, I couldn't help  but feel that you were giving every last thing you had to secure the  important efforts of what you had created.  You are at peace now but will always be remembered for everything you  are and were.  I will miss you.
A once in a lifetime visionary. A great storyteller and marketer. The man behind the now ubiquitous products and new categories of things. Steve Jobs made technology fun. He made new product introductions an event. He inspired me as a fangirl and one of those mentee's he never met. What a great life!
My heart aches at the passing of Steve Jobs, as if he was a member of my fam ily.  A true genius, visionary, creative Renaissance man.  A loss for all, but what we have all gained from his uncanny genius is immeasurable.  I write this on my iPad, surrounded by my iPhone, iMac, Apple TV, MacBook Pro.  RIP, Steve.  You will be missed, but your legacy lives on.  You have single- handedly changed the way we live.  With best wishes to his family and his Apple Family.
Steve is the guy that changed the world throughout his creative technology. No one will ever replace him, his legend will live for the generations to come. Rest in peace Steve.
Rest in peace Steve. You have been someone who spent his Life making others lifes better.
I was 8 years old when my dad brought home our first computer. It was the late 80's, and it was a Macintosh. Fast forward to today, and I read the sad news on my MacBook. As a physician, I encounter death often. Every life is a miracle in its own way. The miracle of Steve's life is that through his vision, he managed to touch the lives of billions of people. That is why his death feels like a personal loss to me and countless others around the world.  My heartfelt condolences to his family and friends. He lived an amazing life, not because he created amazing products, but because he loved his family and followed his passions fearlessly. He is an example to us all.
Our sincere condolences on the loss of your husband, father, and visionary leader.  My family has enjoyed the Apple vision since our first Mac Plus in 1988, which we still have and still works.  My son grew up with the user centric, user friendly Mac system that Steve was responsible for.  Steve shared with all of us a creative mind and vision that believed devices should be about enhancing life, not numbing our minds to blithering followership. He was never one to toot his own horn, the whole was always more important than the one. I am thankful we were able to benefit from the fruits of his vision. His zest for life was infectious.  May he rest in Peace. And may you find comfort knowing how much he was loved and appreciated by so many.  He made our world a much better place to live in.
In 1997 I was entering college and researching what type of computer to  get for my degree in Graphic Design. Steve's return was my decision  maker. I often think of his drive and vision for my own standards of  creativity and usability. His influence in our culture is remarkable.
So many great minds have passed into eternity, yet I have personally shed a tear for so few. I have known for quite some time that Steve Jobs has changed my world, my life, and my thinking. I did not foresee my tears and profound sadness on this day. Shine on you brilliant spirit, shine on....
He left his mark on the world, and will be missed. Please send my thoughts and love to his family, friend, and employees. Sending this from my favorite  thing, my iPad 2.
To the Jobs Family, I am sorry for your loss. Steve Jobs made the world a better place. He was a true GENIUS and I am truly very sorry. Life will continue, however, that whole will never be filled in your family and Apple. GOD Bless and Deepest Sympathy.
Dear Apple,  I want to take a moment to remember and celebrate the life of the genius that Steve Jobs was.  Steve. You single handedly changed the way the world and how I interacted and consumed media. You converted me from a PC enthusiast to a Mac devotee. You created products of utmost beauty and simplicity. Who knows what else you would have invented had you lived on.  The world will never be the same without your pursuit of perfection. Nobody will ever replace you. May you rest in peace and may your legacy live on for generations to come.  I send my condolences to your family. I hope the world respects them while they mourn their loss.  RIP, Steve.
A huge, huge loss! Such an inspiration.
Thanks Steve for change our world, we'll miss you always but we have your memory in our hards. Always remember you because your great contributions to the world. Rest in peace!
Just simple: this world wouldn't be where it is today, if it was not   for him.  Respect the Jobs!!
Condolences to his family and his friends. This man has inspired many people around the world including myself.   He will live on in our memories. Forever immortal through Apple.  Rest well Steve Jobs.
The World with Steve Jobs becomes extraordinary. Now without him, we can only be more ordinary. Will always Remember Steve Jobs.
Sad noises keep playing in my head. The picture on apple.com shows Steve in his prime. Unstoppable passion. He will be missed. :(
I remember Steve for his vision, his ability to succeed in spite of  personal hardship, his relentless drive for perfection and willingness  to take bold risks.  It's a good lesson for all of us.  My condolences to Steve's family and his friends.
I just wanted to give my regards to the guy because he did so much for the tech world. One of the forefathers of the first Computers to the Iphone and wonderful Ipad, I thank Mr Jobs and Hope the Legacy of his ideas and innovations stay with apple for years to come. Don't let him down Apple veterans. Rest in peace
My condolences to the Jobs families and Apple families all over the world. May God bless you and your family. Thanks for being a pioneer of a great dynasty... We all will miss you... Thanks for everything that you have done for  us...God Bless.
Through his great products and deeds we all felt we knew him. He touched   this world in a good way and his loss will be felt by so many.
What would the world be without Steve Jobs. What a blessing to have had him with us all of these years. My condolences goes out to his family and those who knew him. I know everyone at apple will continue to make his presence known by creating some of the best iPhones ever.
R.I.P     Dear Steve god have a new angel, thanks for all good things for our lives.     God bless u....
The world has changed so dramatically because of you. We thank you for  having shared your visions with us through Apple and its products.  Rest in Peace.
Its weird the sick feeling in my belly. I know he is only a man, and there are many other men that die. It is not even rational to me, I can't explain why I feel like it is so sad. I did not even know him. I owned one of the first Macs. The world burns a little dimmer now. Rest in peace Steve Jobs! You were an amazing man.
Steve, you changed my life and opened up my eyes in so many ways. May you rest in peace and my thoughts are with your family and close friends.
I wish I could somehow go back a dozen years and rediscover OSX, iPods, iPhones and iPads all over again. What a ride!  Thanks Steve, you changed the world!
My heart is breaking for your children, your wife, and all those you've touched. Truly a great man in a world which desperately needed your example, dedication, determination. Thank you so much for being an inspiration to us all.   Brightest Blessings, love &amp; light for you and your loved ones.
I'm proud to have always been an admire of Steve Jobs for many years. I'm more proud that my children got the unique life experience to have  lived during the same time as such an amazing person.
I am 14 and live in Austin TX. I will forever remember how apple and Steve Jobs changed technology. You have moved us into the future and your memory will live on forever. Thank you Steve Jobs
Thank you for my childhood. Thank you for the butterflies we all felt waitin g to hear from you what is next. Thank you for our adulthood and making the impossible possible and making fun out of the mundane. Thank you for being re volutionary and showing us how to be evolutionary. Thank you for encouraging  us to stand on your shoulders, for you are a historic giant. You Mr. Jobs, Simply Work.
He was an amazing man with a vision who changed how we interact with computers, phones etc.  My thoughts and prayers are with all those who loved him and to all who were privileged to work with him.  May he rest in peace - he had a life well lived.
I would not have thought that I'll be this sad and upset to the news of someone's death, someone that I didn't even know personally. But I'm truly in grievance over the news of Steve job death, once every now and then, someone comes along that is light years ahead of their time. Steve was one of them, pity the rest of us were not fortunate enough to continue benefiting from his vision and brilliance. RIP Steve.
Thanks for all you have done Steve, I am and will forever be an apple fan because of the products you have made. The first computer I used was an old Mac at my middle school and I was was amazed. We all miss you Steve
Thank you Steve. Thank you for your creativity, your genius, your talent and your love for people who create. You were a great man.   God Bless you Steve Jobs. Rest in Peace.   With heart felt condolences.
Your crazy ideas made it so myself and people like me could do what they love for a living.  That alone makes you one of the most amazing people in the world.  You will be missed.  Never forgotten.  Cheers and thank you.
Your ideas have inspired me so much.  Rest in peace my friend!
You changed our lives and made the World a smaller and better place; thank you!
Steve jobs, you were always my hero. I will never forget you. Thank you Steve jobs for everything. I will miss you. Good bye. :'(
Always admired the great work of Steve Jobs. A man who transformed product presentations in great performances! Without a doubt a sad loss. My sincere condolences to the family and the company.
With the passing of Steve Jobs the world will forever miss an amazingly creative and insightful man.  My thoughts go out to his family at this difficult time for them. He was a brave human being who did indeed leave a dent in the world as he wanted to do.  And he did it in a most profound and creative way.  God bless you Steve.
You will be missed and were an inspiration to us all.
RIP Genius we will remember  you forever like a person who change the way to see the world  Steve. Finally you are free, thank you for make us the life most easy and pretty.
He has changed the world , now he goes to change the heaven. He will change everything again and again and again.
Dear Steve,  You should be part of my future.... not part of my past.   You should be  part of our collective humanity and not yet part of our history.   In  times like this we need those very few that enable us to be more than we  can.   I am worried that the obvious no longer can be realized without  those visionary enough to see it.  Sleep Well... my Hero.
To my friends at Apple,  I have recently joined the Apple family. I must say I have felt welcome from the start. Through the vision of Mr. Jobs, technology has improved our lives. I can honestly say, nothing has done more so recently for my family, friends, and my education more than Apple products has.  All of us can appreciate what the company has done for the world. And all of us can be grateful that Mr. Jobs shared his vision and talents with us while he was able to do so.  May you rest in peace, Steve.  And thank you - for everything.
I am from China. Although Jobs never been to this remote nation, his legend is familiar to people across this land. People respect and love Steve like he were their family member.  Although he has passed away, his charisma and talent will be treasured by the world and last forever.
Steve Jobs improved many moments in my life.  I found out my wife was pregnant over a video iChat while I was away for an extended work trip. I FaceTime with my kids very day when I'm at work. There's an endless list of life moments his vision has made possible for me personally. A great man who was not out to make money but to change the world for the better. The world needs more like Steve Jobs.
I would imagine that you must be receiving millions of emails and i  never had the pleasure to meet Steve but I just watched his Stanford  University Commencement video and almost cried. He is such an inspiring  human being and i'm sure everyone can agree with me even if they never  met him. I wish nothing but the warmest condolences for his family and  friends and i will keep them in my prayers. R.I.P
Your creations have singlehandedly dragged me into the world of  technology. So much that my future is focused on it. For that, I thank  you. Rest in peace.
He was a great person. Sent From The Cool Phone, Dude.
In 1979 I saved up my money for months and bought my first computer--an Apple II+. Since then the technology and invention that Steve Jobs has fostered has been a significant influence on my life. Thanks Steve. Rest in peace. My prayers for the Jobs family.
Steve is a GREAT man and I feel very sorry about his death. I  will miss him so much. God bless him.
Steve is and will always be another Einstein of Technology.  Good Bye Steve.  God Bless.
What a sad day and a tragic loss.  Our thoughts and prayers are with Steve's family both at home and at Apple.  What a legacy he leaves.  Rest in Peace Steve.
My first computer was an Apple ][ that my boss had on my desk waiting  for me on my first day.  It was one of the first 16,000 made.  We went on to have one of the first design Macs, a Lisa, and a Macintosh II.  My boss had vision, and was a great mentor to me.  Apple says that Steve Jobs was "an inspiring mentor."  These two men changed my life.  I am lucky to have known a great mentor, and the products of Steve  Jobs.  So, I can only have a pale view of the richness this man brought  to Apple and its employees.  Rest in peace, genius.  The world is a better place because of your life.
Thank you for everything you create. World become better because of you. Now rest in peace, have a nice dream. Thank you Steve.
Steve Jobs wasn't only an innovator but he seemed to intimately understand people. What we like, want, &amp; need. He inspired me with his limitless creativity but it was his deep understanding of humanity that made me admire him.  The world is a less brilliant place today and maybe we're all a little less understood too.
The world has lost one of its best.
Steve was a great inspiration to me.  I liked to learn about his  history, specifically how Apple was started in a garage.  I even used  that in my essay for applying to college.  I talked about my passion for  technology and how much I was inspired by the way Steve made his way to  the top.  I have started my path to become a computer engineer and I  will always think of Steve's way of doing things as a way of pushing  myself forward in hopes of becoming great someday. Without Steve we  would not be as advanced as we are in technology today and we have a lot  to learn from him.  Rest in peace Steve.  To your family and friends I am deeply sorry for  your loss, it's a loss to so many of us.
To remembering Steve,He leaves us with great memories. All will be instilled in our hearts  forever. He was an amazing man with a great mind. We will forever remember Steve  as a tremendous leader and devoted CEO.   May he rest in peace.
Steve Jobs passed away today, but his ideals will live on in thethousandsof Apple employees that make it such a great company, and his tireless efforts to disrupt the status quo will be remembered by themillions of people around that world who use Apple's brilliantly innovative products everyday.  Thank you, Steve.
Rest in Peace Steve, thanks for all.
An amazing man.  One not soon forgotten. We don't know what comes after life, but we do know that Steve Jobs departed  knowing how much he was respected and loved.  He will be sadly missed.  Our  Sympathy to his family, his friends and Apple.   With heavy hearts in Connecticut
I can't think of any other company in the world where the CEO is that well know and liked, that I am compelled to write and say that he will be sadly missed. Clearly an incredible guy
The world has lost a true innovator. Many people have been impacted by  his work and will mourn his absence.
We're very very sad this day as humankind lost one of its greatest tech  soldier and visionary leader - Steve Jobs. It is because of him, I grew  the affinity to bring work home and work on mac and listen to ipod - it  has truly  been a generational, cultural and social shift - all because  of his genius!  May your soul rest in peace!
After even the brightest bulb burns out, in time, our eyes will grow accustomed to its absence, but never will we forget its brilliance; We remember fondly what its light once let us see.
You Changed My Life, Good Bless You.
I am a Chinese, its hard to get apple products since there was just 1 apple store within whole country. I always read news from apple, and finally I got a ipod when I traveled to Hongkong. I hold the ipod, feeling like hold something in the future. I don’t know when I started to believe all the apple products come from the future, but I deeply believe that. I think Steve is an amazing man, he just made the products that all others were dreaming about, even not in the dream. He said to one ceo:” come with me and we change the world.” Although the ceo didn’t, he did. He said that then he did it. I even fear to say that.  Every time he showed up, he brought the perfect products to the world, I rather call them arts. Look things around me, Macbook, iPod, iPhone3g 3gs, 4, iPad 1,2. I used to have these, now I am very sad, cause the man who brought these to me left this world.  I believe he can change the world up there as well.
I want to share my condolence to the family, friends and peoples who worked for Steve Jobs.   He was a great man who maked the earth better with iMacs, iPod, iPad, and iPhone. I know he was sick, and was suffered from cancer, but now he is a better place with no suffering.   Life going on!
I'm deeply sadden by the news of mr Jobs passing, my prays to his family and the Apple family. We not only lost a genius, also a father, friend, boss, example to follow, an american. But also he was a world renown human being. I know you will have a foundation on his behalf for his decease. God have him in his heaven. Steve Jobs rest in peace, and the Apple family continue with his legacy for years to come.
I would fantasize about meeting Mr. Jobs, or even better, working for him. His products changed my life -- starting with the Apple Newton, followed by the iPod and then the iPhone. (I have every version made.) His products elicited the same response of "WOW" every time I opened the box.   Thank you Steve for changing the digital world and for inspiring me.
Steve Job has inspired me to look  at life very differently than what I used to look at it. His lecture at Stanford University shook me more than anything else in my life. His words "Stay Hungry, Stay Stupid" helped me to take up things that I never would in my life. He has a unique way of looking and shaping the things and world. He is a genius.
He changed my life by giving me more to dream about, and to look forward  to for the future.  What a Man!
We are really sad for the loss of one of our examples not only in business and vision, but in life.  Honors and Glory to Steve.
I didn't know him personally but I loved what he accomplished and his memory  will live with me forever. Every time I turn on my Mac Book Pro, I will feel  his energy. RIP Mr. Jobs.
I have made mention so many times that Steve Jobs is my hero. So much so, when my husband gives me the latest and greatest iGadget, he signs the card, " from your hero!" I never had the honor of meeting Mr. Jobs personally, but he changed my world in a profound way and I will forever be grateful. May he rest peacefully knowing he made a difference in this world and left it a better place than when he found it.
Dear steve, My heart goes out to you, you have been great inspiration to me I will never  forget you we will meet again Love always
R.I.P Steve. You were a true visionary and did so much for this world,  things that some can only dream to do. My condolences to your family.
If I could only use a single word to describe you Steve it would be "elegant"! I fear that the world will not see your light again. So long Steve.
History shows that every now and then, a truly great mind comes along and changes things for the better. I never met Steve, but he had a great impact on my life. I'm thankful that I lived during his lifetime and was witness to the splendid inventions he inspired. R.I.P.
Even though I never met Steve I feel like I knew him just by following what Steve and Apple did. I feel like I am part of the Apple family and I will miss him and wish all of the apple and job's family my condolences. Rest in peace.
Thank you Steve, for the smile you put on my face when I unpacked my first Apple IIe, and countless smiles ever since.  God bless you, your family, and friends.
Steve Jobs gave the world a huge dream, he raised the standards of quality as high it can get. He was indeed a creative and inspiring person.
We are all fans of his products, we all fans of Steve and his products had a big lost when we knew about his death, i have a big part of my heart suffering along with his family, friends and co-workers. Well when I knew about his death in a colombian tv channel at the news programme I shivered when I saw about his death.  Thank You Steve for the changes you made in the world with your products, and my heart is with Apple and his family.
Such a very sad day for us all as we have lost a loved one. Steve had a magical way of making "believe" again and that anything is possible. As in his "Think Different" campaign commercial "The Crazy Ones", Steve will forever be known as the man who changed the world! He will forever be missed and always live on within the hearts of so many that he has directly inspired. God Bless Steve Jobs.
je suis triste, c'tait un grand homme.
I have a sadness in the pit of my stomach.  I never knew Steve and have not used many of his products although I appreciate their style and ease of use. No-the world has lost a visionary and that is very sad.  56 is too young for any man to die but this becomes a tragedy when that man contributed so much to society.  We will miss his infectious will to create not only superior products but a superior experience.     His vision remains-hopefully it will inspire and new generation of inspired thinkers ready to reshape their our world.
Dear All, He changed the way we live.   He's connected us in the best of ways. He's made life so pleasurable--work so pleasurable through all he has created. He is an inspiration.  Thanks to Steve.
The day I knew I wanted to be a designer, that day was when I had an iMac in front of me for the first time. Thank you Steve. You changed my world.
I send my condolences to Steve's friends and family. May the sprit of  god be with them in this time of need. He was truly a visionary man and  will forever be missed.
He was a great man and will be greatly missed. He left his mark on this  planet. God Bless.
The world as we know it, Life would not be any were near the same if it weren't for steve Jobs. I will pray for him and his family may he rest in peace.
To his family, God give them confort in this trouble times. To Steve, thanks for your legacy, vision and for inspiring us.
My first computer was an Apple IIc.  It's hard for me to recall a time when an Apple device of some sort was not a part of my life.  Steve Jobs was a true American original, up there in the Pantheon with Whitney, Edison, Ford, and the rest.  God bless you, Mr. Jobs!
I'm a creative at one of the London's Apple Store, Steve Jobs has been one of my heroes for his visionary thoughts and the way he conveyed his forward looking mind into technology giving us the possibility to use these amazing devices and computers.  I will always remember your words, I will always quote you and I will always enjoy working for the company you have created, rest in peace.
You gave the world everything you hadand you left something behind that can be enjoyed, not many people can say that.
El mundo ha perdido a uno de sus mas grandes genios!!!
Steve,  You changed my life. I only wish I'd listened to you sooner.  Thanks for everything.
To the man who showed me that there is a better way than Windows,  You were a visionary who will be sorely missed. Your innovation and desire to make a product that was not only useful, but just worked and was fun to use changed my life. I hope that you will rest knowing that you touched so many lives an made them better.
Today, humankind lost one of his greatest visionaries. Everyday,   people will carry on his vision. Someday, his Apple will be carried   everywhere.  Thank you Steve.
Dear Steve,  You were a great person! Thank you for your gifts and inspiration to us all!
Your 3 stories about connecting the dots, about love and loss, and about death has been and will be my source of inspiration and courage. Thank you, Steve.
Dear Steve,  You, and everyone at Apple, genuinely made my home-life and my work-life easier. Hundreds of potentially-wasted hours have been better spent. Also, thanks to you and a lot of talented people, my phone is also a guitar tuner.   I owe you more than one.
Mr Jobs made my life better, more productive, more fun, more rewarding.
Dear Apple,  I can't imagine there's anything left unsaid, but I would like to express my compassion and offer my sincere condolences to the friends, family and people close to Steve Jobs over this tremendous loss. He will be missed through-out the world, by millions of people who's lives he has changed forever. There will truly never be another man like him. May you rest in peace, Steve Jobs.
Thank you for the innovation and empowering people is what you have accomplished. You made a difference in our lives and in my children’s lives.
I admired Steve Jobs for his creativity, energy and tenacity.  What a wonderful and rich legacy he left us all.  Truly a visionary.
We've lost one of our greatest entrepreneurs and innovators. So appreciative for all that he shared to inspire and move us forward. Rest in peace.
I have an iPod shuffle, an iPod Nano (2), and iPad, an iPhone (2), an iMac, and a Macbook. I consider these technologies as natural extensions of my sentience. Needless to say, Steve Jobs changed the way that I experience my life. RIP, Steve. Your life made a difference.
You were a technological genius, and I love your products. You have  influenced the entire world, and I hope you rest in peace.
Steve brought music into my life. He made a difference in the lives of millions like me. He made a difference in the world...  R.I.P. Steve
It is a testament to Steve Jobs' strength and sheer will that he continued to introduce new products despite what had to have been incredible pain and difficulty.
What this man was made of, we will never know what he was thinking of for the future years. Thank you Steve for you and the wonderful world of Apple, love it! You will be missed!
Farewell Steve. Will remember to "Stay hungry, stay foolish".  Apple will not be the same without you.
Rest in peace Steve Jobs. Thank you for all the amazing staff you invented through your life. Thanks to your knowledge, I can use all these amazing staff, such as an iMac, which I am using to write this short, but significant paragraph. Thanks to you I could hear my music wherever I want, with my iPod. Thanks to you I can use a tablet, which is much easier to carry. You really did something good for the world. You changed it. I don’t have words to thank you for everything you did. THANK YOU STEVE JOBS. REST IN PEACE.
One of the most incredible visionary minds of our time. My life is more enriched because of the products he envisioned and designed.
When Apple computers were released years ago, my Papa was an instant supporter and fan. He taught me from a very young age to use Apples, and has always jumped to get the "latest and greatest" of their creations. You will never meet another 73 year old more in love with Apple! Steve Jobs was the most amazing creator of our time. He has inspired so many to follow their own dreams. He has taught me that nothing is unobtainable. Thank you, Steve, for everything. May God bless those in their time of mourning.
I cannot believe he is gone.... When I heard the news I felt if they were telling me someone really close had died. I feel him in every gadget I have..... I have tears in my eyes. I hope he shared and left his wisdom all over the company and that all of you at Apple keep being as inspired and visionary as he was. Rest in Peace Steve.
What can we add? Steve was unique and there will be no other like him again.
You can define modern people as Apple users and others.  He had an  enormous effect on how we learn, entertain ourselves, communicate and  think.  Yes, think.  He fought his last fight with quiet dignity while  we all waited anxiously, hoping for the best.  He was taken far too  early.  I am deeply saddened.
I have never owned an Apple product but I will miss Steve Jobs. He forever changed the media universe and has had impacts on businesses across the world. It would be an understatement to say that the world as we know it wouldn't have been the same without him. I can't imagine what it would be like to walk down the street and not come across someone using an iPod. The world has lost a great person.
I extend my personal condolences in regards to the passing of Steve Jobs. To  me, he was a great idol and one of many sources of inspiration. Although I may have not known him personally, I was very motivated in my computer work because of him. I have faith in the future of Apple and know his last acts were done with reason and trust. Apple has a bright future on the other side of this tragic loss.
Steve, you didn’t die. You just moved to a higher plan.
you have truly changed the way my family computes, although my father  will say he was Apple from the beginning. I just thought it was fitting  that i received the news via iPhone notification. Cheers Steve, your ideas will permeate society for decades to come. My  prayers are with your family.
Steve Jobs,  You have managed to not only influence, but change the world of technology, and the way technology works in the real world around us. Your products have touched us all, with their glimmering looks, as well as their magical, intuitive interfaces. Many people don't see Apple as a company; they see it as a place where dreams are only right around the corner. Dreams that can fit in our pocket and enlighten us all with a revitalizing new way of doing ordinary tasks, and make our lives more fun and enjoyable for all of us. It is amazing what a person can accomplish and contribute to the world, when they truly love what they do.
Why is it that the brightest stars burn quickest? Stay hungry, stay foolish.
Hello, I was so shocked to hear the news that Mr. Jobs died. The world has lost a great human being. I was inspired by Mr. Jobs as were millions of other people. I offer my condolences to Mr. Jobs, his family, and the whole Apple family. May Mr. Jobs rest in peace. He will be greatly missed.
It is with deep regret we announce his death. I'm so sorry. I will remember Steve Jobs FOREVER!!!!! I love you. thank U.
I send my condolences to Steve's family, I wish Apple will continue its  journey in his spirit and vision. May you rest in peace knowing you did so much for so many and helped us  grow into a truly magical world of Apple as you visioned it.
I was not lucky enough to meet Steve Jobs in person but all I know is that this world most definitely would not be the same. Even though what he designed were only "technology gadgets" they have put numerous smiles on people's faces. From a one-year old who likes to doodle on the iPad to a college student who can't live without their Apple product to a CEO of a company whom relies extensively on what Steve created. This is a sad day because we have lost one of the greats, a modern day genius. My condolences go out to his wife and family. He's no longer with us but he will never be forgotten. what he created was nothing short of revolutionary and touched many people's lives, just comes to show what one person is able to achieve in a lifetime. Rest in peace Steve.
I have been an Apple fan since 1984. Watching Steve's rise, fall and greater rise was wondrous. Even Steve's failures were simply too far ahead of their time. His attention to detail, elegance, quality and the aesthetic have been greatly appreciated.  It is with great sadness and grief that we mark Steve's passing. I offer my sincere condolences to Steve's family and friends.  The world has lost a visionary genius.
He really inspired me and all of his apple projects, his thoughts about  life, rest in peace!
He was a visionary person who changed things, a true Wizard. May his memory be honored.  Last but not least, may Apple keep, on his impulse, inventing future.  Tonight, there is an eclipse in my heart.
A great man has gone, but he will live forever in our hearts. Ciao Steve, have a nice trip, wherever you are. And make it a better  place, as you did to our world.
We have lost another magic. Thank you Steve, from my deepest thoughts.
A brilliant mind and true visionary.  Steve will be truly missed from a fan who has viewed him as this generation's leader toward a future that we have only dreamed of. My hope is for Apple to continue its drive towards the very same vision that Steve had worked so hard to achieve.  May all that believed in, continue to believe in, the impact that Steve Jobs  has had on our lives over the past three decades. May Apple continue to strive towards Steve's vision in his memory. I truly believe that our world would not have achieved the technological advances had it not been for Steve's vision.  May his family know that I give to them, with sincerest respect, my condolences.  The world will remember where they were the day that Steve passed away.  His legacy will live on because it has to.
Life is a book in volumes three- The past, the present, and the yet-to-be.  The past is written and laid away,  The present we're writing every day,   And the last and best of volumes three   Is locked from sight - God keeps the key.  I will always remember the day I was given my very first Mac computer, a Mac Classic. and ever since, I have been a true believer in Apple. and will always.   Thank you Steve... you will not be forgotten.
Steve Jobs was a genius!  The admired like no other.   Will be missed!
The world is a better place because of Steve! I can't even imagine what the world would have been like without Steve Jobs and His visionary Apple Computer! Steve you will be dearly missed, rest in peace my friend!
A very sad day.. I always looked forward to what you and your team would come up with next. I grew up on  Apple products from the beginning, they are the cornerstone of  my career.  You will be missed very much!
I am devastated about your passing Steve ! You made my life exciting and intelligent. No one can replace you !
I never met Steve Jobs. Yet, somehow, even though I'm a mere 14 years old, he managed to change my life completely. Every single release of a device left me captivated, wanting more. The world will miss you Steve Jobs. You have a special place in our hearts.  Thank you for everything Steve.
There wouldn't be smartphones in this world if it wasn't for Mr. Jobs. The word app would just have been some archaic term. The innovations that became available only through a Mac wouldn't have existed with out you Mr. Jobs. Though I lie on the competitive side, no one can deny the innovation and possibilities you made possible through Apple.  I pray for peace, comfort, and strength for the family and loved ones of Steve Jobs. RIP Steve Jobs, you will be missed.
Thank you Steve for all devices, all night I didnt sleep reading rumors and watching your keynotes again and again. Thank you for historical quotes and magnificent devices that changed me, my life and people around me. Thank you once again.
Steve, You have created a global comunity strongly conected to the most amazing end-users machines ever builted by the humanity. We love all the Apple creations and we strongly love you.  God bless you and thanks for your existence in our lives.  A lot of light in your new journey, our eternous mentor.
Steve Jobs imagined a faster, easier, more innovative future and made it possible for the rest of us! May your inspired company live on to honor your memory.
My condolences and respect from Puerto Rico
My condolences to Mr. Jobs and his family and friends. He was an inspiration to all.
Words cannot express this tremendous loss.  May you rest in peace.
This is a very sad day, not only for Apple fans, but for the world itself. It's not often that such a true visionary comes into this world and is able to change so many lives. He will be missed by everyone whether it's as a co-worker, family man, mentor or true artist. RIP Steve.
His spirit will forever be the foundation of Apple. How profound, and how true that the Thomas Edison of our time was named "Steve" and that his genius  lives on through all of us that understood just how profound his impact would have on mankind, We will miss you Steve. God bless you for being you!
Hello, although I do not know Steve Jobs personally I would like to express my sincere condolences. Apple and Steve have deeply touched my life and how I live in it. Ever since my first Mac I became fascinated with the company and would from then on watch every keynote. I would love to watch Steve's passion, excitement, and love for his work. It really showed. I want to let you know that Steve Jobs is in my thoughts and prayers and hope the best for Apple.
May God comfort all the friends and family of Steve.  He has truly left  a brilliant legacy.
the world is a little emptier without him…
Our geek soldier has left us with a broken heart. He was truly an inspiring person for everyone in our world.
One of the biggest men has gone ... but his wonderful job stay... where ever you are THANK YOU ....
I did not know Mr. Jobs, but  I knew of him through the media, and  through family and friends who owned apple technology products.  I have  always been impressed with his genius,  his dedication to his work, and  his enthusiasm for what he did.
I'm 17 years old and I'm from Brazil. I was a big fan of Jobs and. I belive the tecnology would not be the same without him.   He revolutionized the computer science and technology!  He was a big man ,a genius and a hero and will stay forever in history !  God bless! And he rest in peace seeing that all he created! 		 	   		   Thanks for all Steve‏
Steve Jobs was a genius and will be remembered 300 years from now, as  Michelangelo, da Vinci, Einstein and Darwin are today. This is certainly  a sad day.
Rest in piece Steve Jobs I never knew or met you but i know you were an amazing human being and created some pretty awesome things that i use in my daily life. You will never be forgotten but hopefully you're at a better place now:(
Thank you Steve for the brilliant products that you helped to invent. You'll  be missed.
Thank you.
Dear Apple Friends, I am truly saddened at this news. My thoughts and prayers go out to Steve's Family, friends and co workers. I can honestly say that the addition of the products that I now use everyday are because of Steve's innovation, vision and uncanny ability to know what people want, and how to give that to them. I sit here in my office writing this note on my iMac, and I am surrounded by about 10 other Apple products, that i use everyday and have made my life easier, more focused and enjoyable. His impact on my musical life alone, are immeasurable, and for that i am truly appreciative. I never had the pleasure to know him personally, but consider him a friend, as i'm sure many do!! May you rest in peace and may your loved ones forever carry your spirit with them. Steve will be missed by me and millions of other people who's lives he touched in a similar way.
Never met him nor worked nor my friend but very very sad. This is the   kind of individual that should remain among us for more years. Loyal   Apple supporter to the end of my life. Thank you very much Steve   Jobs !!!
I never got to say thank you. I never got to share how his products have  given me more time with my family and made life easier. I never got to  say how my nonverbal speech kids start vocaliizing because they love the  Ipad or how I can use the iphone and ipad to get my autistic kids to  stop having a meltdown. He made products that will revolutionize the way  we teach a generation of learners, disabled and nondisabled.  He made  devices accessible for everyone.  Thank You Steve and God Bless your  family in this time.
Hello,   I was just explaining to my 9 year old son why there is such a loss with Steve  Jobs dying.   The reality is there are so few people that have changed the world and made such  an extraordinary impact on the lives of millions and millions of people. Steve  Jobs represents a tsunami of pure genius that will resonate forever. Forever AND  ever.....yes, this is a tremendous loss and yet he has left behind a gift from  God. That gift being the fullest expression of one's true self.  I guess that  would be iGod.  ; )  Bless your soul Steven Paul Jobs.....for you have blessed ours.
he would not give me his autograph. the totality of what he has given is  unmeasurable. "1984" ."think different", and " the power to save the  world". and one more thing.....................his spirit will live on.
The computer industry is what is today thanks to him. He brought to the world his wonderful visionary business style, revolutionizing design and fuctionality with fascinating consumer products. I hope he is now creating new wonderful things in Paradise. I'd like to embrace every one in Apple.
I hope my child studies and learns about Steve because he is an inspiration. It is funny how life is...someone was watching Steve and knew why it was important for him to share his knowledge at such a young age. His time was short but in many ways he lived several life times. He must havebeen a brave man, humerous and wise. I can only dream of what it would have been like to be his friend; to see him in action.   God Bless...there is another angel in heaven tonight!
He brightened my world in so many ways, I can never express how many  ways he enriched my life and my family's - we will forever be  "connected" because of him and his wonderful company Apple.  May his family find peace in all the wonder he created in this world.   His memory will be with us always.
You were a  rare leader.  Gave me a lot of dreams. Thank you.
All I can say is this a great loss to the world. Thank You Steve for bringing me a greater love for technology and showing the world that simplicity in design is a recipe for perfect design. The future will owe you major credit! Thank You.
This evening, came home deeply saddened by news we all expected and yet,  for so many fans, dreaded.  We found our kids on their way to bed, but  our nine-year-old son asked for a five-minute reprieve so we might  listen to a piece of music he had just created for the first time on  GarageBand.  Steve Jobs is largely responsible for handing over the  freedom for so many, young and old, to build on their dreams.  The gift  of tools for creativity and innovation he has given our generation and  those to come are designed by his his own unique vision of heart, spirit  and mind combined. We are all grateful and forever in his debt.  Farewell on the journey  ahead our dear friend.
Those who witnessed the presentation of the introduction of the very first iphone can never forget the feeling of magic when Steve first swiped the screen in the public.  A tribute from the far east
From Brazil, I just would like to wish the best for Apple and Jobs' family. We miss him already.  I bet a lot of people feel like me, like had lost a friend or a parent.  Good luck, guys, keep moving forward and rule the world.
Irreplaceable. Thank you for your Innovations.
I'm too young to be able to say that I've seen Steve Jobs progress to where he is today, but I remember being four years old and playing inside the box that my dad's iMac came in. From that computer, to the one I'm in front of now, looking at my Mac, all I can think about is how Steve Jobs was so important in making Apple what it is today. Hearing he died was so upsetting. I saw a tweet that said it perfectly, "People like Steve Jobs are supposed to live forever". In a way, I think he will. He will live on through Apple.
The world has lost a brilliant man who changed the technology world. From computers to Pixar animation, he has changed the face of technology. My deepest condolences for his family, his business partners and all the employees at Apple and Pixar.
In 1986, I wrote my thesis on a Mac and printed it on a Mac laser printer. As far as I know I was the first one at Cornell to do so. It caused quite a ruckus.  That machine taught me that good computers made you feel smart and empowered. They were tools that enabled greatness. I type this note on my brand new Macbook Pro.  I just received it yesterday.  Thank you Steve.  Thank you for making machines that were not merely functional.  Thank you for making machines that featured stunning usability. The tools of greatness.  Godspeed sir. You will be missed.
for your unwavering spirit, a true inspiration. Here's to following your dreams.  You are missed.
For those of us fortunate enough to read of Steve Jobs, and the projects of which he was the key component, the phrase to me is  " truly a great American businessman".   Right up there with the greats of all time Ford, Edison, and Jobs, in no particular order.
Everyone keeps using the word, but it's so appropriate: VISIONARY.  Steve Jobs was a true visionary and guided a company through the pursuit of perfection with their products, and their customer service.  The quality of Apple's products and service is unparalleled.  Apple is always looking to the future, and to me, Apple represents one of America's greatest ideals: success through innovation, ambition, and hard work.  My dad and I are total Apple geeks, always discussing the latest announcements,  gushing about how much we love our Apple products, and how "once you go Mac, you never go back."  And thanks to the innovation of Steve Jobs and his marvelous company, I was connected to my family and friends while away at college in a way that I never could have been before, and that's made all the difference in my life.  Thank you, Steve, for connecting families, friends, and the world.     Wishing all the best for his home family and his Apple family
Steve Jobs you will never be forgotten. May you rest in peace.
It just took him 56 years to change the world... One of the greatest men the  world have known has left us, but his legacy will live on. Imagine what he could have done with 57. Thank you Steve Jobs.
Steve,  You have truly change the world we live in, now its time to rest...
Hello,   As an Apple user, developer and long time enthusiast. All I can say, is that we've all lost a genius and role model.   For many of us, looking to what Steve could see as a vision of future computing has become a habit.    I for one wish you all well at Apple. We the user base share your pain and loss, but trust that what he started will be still the guiding light for you all as you develop further.
I would just like to give my sincere apologies to the news of Steve Job’s passing, my thoughts are with his family at this sad time.  Steven Jobs was a genius and his vision and imagination were amazing, he maybe gone but will never be forgotten.
I am fortunate that I lived and continue to be amazed with some of the greatest products he helped Apple to bring out. In his memory I will buy an Apple iPhone.
To the family that gave him up for us…  To the company that admitted the mistake…  To the billions that followed… To everyone who thought different…   Thank you.   We are all the better for having had him… even for so short a span.
Mr. Jobs has been a large part of my life for years. Although I and nobody in my life has met him, my father has always spoken very highly of him. I express my deepest condolences to his family, friends, and coworkers. I am positive that even longer than Apple or even technology, all will remember Steve  Jobs for his innovation at such an young age and helping so many people along the way with jobs, experience, and even just the products themselves. I am right now typing this message on my iPad, which has helped me in more ways  than I can describe. The best physical gift I have ever received is my iPod  Classic that has made me love music once again. My thoughts and prayers are  with him tonight. God bless.
RIP steve.....sun of technologies has set down...he was great man...
Dear Steve,  I honestly was not very familiar with Apple and Apple products until the past few years, and I didn't realize you were the man behind the apple until  a couple years ago. I've always admired your products, and never dreamed I  would own any until I was a lot older and working in the real world (I am currently in my senior year of college). However, through hard work I have done now, I acquired a Macbook this past year, and was surprised with an Iphone by my parents for being on the Dean's list. Those who know me eventually got annoyed with me constantly saying, " I can't believe I have a Mac, I  can't believe I have an Iphone." Your life's achievements are incredible. You were blessed with a gift, and  you shared it with the world. Not many can attest to that. As I mentioned,  I do not know you aside from what I have read. I know you through the Macbook I am currently typing on, and the Iphone that is next to me. Regardless  of how I know you, your passing strikes a chord with me. It is so hard to see someone with so much to give be taken so soon. Even as I type this I am  at a loss of what to say. A part of me doesn't even know why I feel this need to say anything at all. I'll end with condolences to your family and friends. And a thank you, for  being who you were, and doing everything you did while you were here.
Although I vastly prefer the PC over the Mac, without you, none of which I enjoy today would be possible. You have my full respect. May God bless you.
For aiming to perfection and showing it to the masses.  Looking forward to reading about your life.
I am deeply saddened this evening when I went to check my apple site to see that steve Jobs had passed away. he was a truly remarkable Man with an ingenious mind and his love to make  life easier for everyone, I always looked forward to his  presentaions of the next new thing by apple it's because of him I own a iMac, 4 iPhones, 2 iPads,  3 itouches, i Haven't  turned my Gateway computer on since i purchased  my 1st mac ... My whole family is truly saddened by this and my heart go out to his family...  all I can say is Steve you Rocked this world with your presents ..   god bless
You'll be missed, perhaps more than anyone who has passed in recent memory. Thanks!
Thank you Steve. There is a void without you and a continued inspiration of all that humans can aspire to.
He was just as important to civilisation as Eddison and Einstein if not more  important! Thoughts go out to the family.
Thank you, Mr. Jobs.  You will be greatly missed by many people around the world. I want to say more, but find myself sad and at a loss for words.  You changed technology for me.
Just adding into what I am certain is a torrent of people saying that it is  quite a sad day, and my prayers are going out to his family and friends.  The contributions he has made to technology have been felt by many and  appreciated by all, even if they don't realize it.
Truly a devastating loss.  I am deeply saddened at the news of his passing, and will forever recognize the unmatchable impact he has had on our and our future's culture, both technological and popular.  Rest in peace.
I am saddened by this news but he will be remembered for all the great  things he left us with. RIP Steve Jobs
I'm deeply saddened to hear about this  great loss to the mankind.  I doubt we have replacements for this type of a visionary genius..?
Just a note to one of my heros. Thank you for changing the world.
Steve Jobs lived a life without limits in his creative mind.   Thankfully, I can say, for not only myself; he was able to convince the  tie-wearing business slaves to break free and accomplish great things  with our heart first.  Thank You for your inspiration and innovation for a lifetime.
History will never forget you Steve
Steve was an amazing icon and a truly inspiring individual who will be   missed.
The world has truly lost an important dignitary, a sherpa into the wide world of what could be, a setter of trends, a man in black. Our hearts are with his immediate and extended family.
I have a copy of your speech given to Stanford graduates and I read it every now and then to remind myself of how short life really is.  From a person who had never graduated from college, you have taught the best and brightest graduates the best lessons in life.  Good bye Steve.  You will be missed.
Thanks for everything, Steve.  You touched my life and you were a giant  in your industry.  You will be missed.  My sincere condolences to the Jobs family.
So Sad. We will miss him immensely.
I wan't to write about my intense sadness on the passing of Steve Jobs.  I have been a Pc user for some years but I changed over to Mac about 5  years ago. In the recent past I have watched Steve's presentations and was totally  in awe of the man - the passion he felt, and was able to impart to the  viewers about the Mac product range was incredible. He was able to  market products that are "ground breakers" in the technology and AI  fields. He has made computers available to the world that truly reflect  the way that humans want to interact with technology - that make life  easier, more fun and  artistic. My sincere sympathy to Steve's family and his work colleges. Steve has  left one of the finest memories to mankind. I know his memory will live  on through the Mac products we have to date and the future products that  his fantastic team will release in the years ahead. God Bless you Steve.
One of the greatest myths of science and technology has passed away today. My, and the rest of the world, condolences.
I am deeply saddened by the news of Steve's passing. He was truly a   visionary in the field. He built an exceptional company that I have   been loyal to for many years. I hope his innovative legacy will live   on through the future of Apple.  Thank you Steve for following your dreams and bringing revolutionary   products to our homes. I know this is a tragic day for Steve's family   and loved ones, but it is also devastating to the Apple customers   (like myself) who took pride in the innovation of Apple products.
Like the great inventors before him - I thank him. I thank him for enabling me to work faster and smarter in my career as a designer.   Please maintain Apple the way only he would - for tomorrow - always thinking about the future. I am honored to have shared his time on Earth.
Dear Sirs,  This is probably the first time I get in contact with a company to send my condolences for the death of a person I never met.  I just want to say how much I admire Steve Jobs' work. The products Mr. Jobs  and Apple have developed  over the past years have changed the world. The way we listen to music, how we communicate, what products we use to create art and many other things will keep Mr. Jobs' fingerprint for many years.
Steve, you'll stay forever in our hearts. Remember. Love. Grieve.
I consider myself to be a big fan of Steve Jobs. I am only a teen but have been a fan since 6th grade when I got my first Apple product, the 3rd generation black 8GB iPod Nano. I even wrote an essay about him in 7th grade when my teacher told the class to write about someone we look up to. This was and still is my favorite essay. Today I am in high school and hoping to work at an Apple Store sometime next year. This day was raining and I was reading all  about the iPhone 4S when I went to the Apple homepage and saw Steve Jobs. I  then felt like I had just been shocked with thousands of bolts of lightning. I started having tears run down through my eyes while writing this realizing that I will never get to meet Steve Jobs in this world. It makes me very sad but I realize that he is still here alive and well. He is here through iPods and iPhones, iPads  and Macs, Pixar and Apple. I realize that these things would not be possible without him, for there is only one Steve Jobs.
Steve Jobs was in many ways a modern Da Vinci, a real genius. he was the man behind the computer, ipod, smartphone, Tablet computer, itunes pixars and many other great things.  because of all this, he is in many ways the creator of the modern world. and this i would thanks him for
Sould go down in history with the likes of Einstein ,THOMAS  EDISON ,  BEN FRANKLIN , HENRY FORD. He will be missed by all.
For years I have wondered why manufacturers keep on making ugly designs for computers. Until the MAC came out, I knew it would change everything, form the way we look at computers and the way we live our life. Steve you have inspired generations to push beyond the borders and think literally out of the box.  Thank you.......  My sympathies go out to your family and friends.   Take care.
We have lost a true, creative genius. He made our world deliciously   better.
I was reluctant to switch to Mac after years on a PC.  A few years later, a MAC desktop, a MAC book and an iPad, can't imagine my life without Steve Jobs' brilliant mind.
I did not know Steve Jobs personally but he has accomplished some truly  amazing things.  I wanted to pass my condolences on to his family and  friends, and everyone at Apple.  May he rest in peace.
I'm so sad. Saw this message @3.40 CET via App. A man with vision is gone.
What can we say?  It's so sad to lose Steve. We love our iPhone &amp; iPad so much. Our whole family is Apple thanks to his brilliance. We will miss him &amp; wish the best to his family &amp; his Apple family.
Steve, thank you for all your ideas, visionary and power that you included when Apple was making new great products. Rest in peace!
Thank you for your remarkable contribution to this world and for  creating a universal platform for knowledge, communication, and LOVE.   Go in peace.
To the visionary that took a small bite out of an apple and created that little dent in the universe. May the spirit of innovation live on long after you're gone, Mr. Steve Jobs.
I am extremely broken, You were the greatest influence on my life and  will remain from the sky. Thanks for everything Steve Jobs 1955-2011.
Dear Steve  You didn't just create great products.You created the first truly pan-global consumer way of life. Apple Nation!  A thrilling place where many at the edge of mainstream could live and prosper.   Your badge is our badge! Proudly worn. Go well!
He changed the world and changed people's life style! He founded the Apple, and he created Macintosh I, Macintosh II and iPod, iMac, MacBPro,mini, iPhone, iPad. Everyone in the world like Apple products. Steve is an angel, he makes the world more beautiful, and better! In Chinese MicroBlog Sina-Weibo, there are many many wishes, and remembering in the website. Everyone heard this news in the morning, they felt heart-broken. Yes, Steve Jobs changed the world.
He had nothing to declare except his genius. RIP Steve
I am a freshman in college right now. I wanted to send my condolences to  the family. The world lost the Edison of our time today. May his soul  rest in peace and may God bless his family.
The world will miss you! RIP Steve Jobs and long live Apple!
Dear Steve, I have wanted to meet you. A legend from my first byte. Chose a fruit for name, with knowledge of good and evil  Painted as a rogue. Betrayed by a friend. Seeking an answer. Yet destiny bade. Returned as a saviour, tendered the tree.  Spring returned. Summer came. Dreams came true. Back to the throne. Legend reborn. You are the one. Steve Jobs you will be missed. My condolences to your loved ones. Warmest Regards
You helped to shape the future of technology and the way how you it as influenced our life. Your great inventions are an inspiration to our generation. You will be missed and your work will live on. May god watch over your family  and keep them safe.  May your soul Rest in Peace.
The World has lost one of greatest minds of now days... Steve thank you  for everything that you created and make our world better and easier.   You will remain soul of all modern gadgets. Rest in peace genius.
Dear Apple,<div>Steve jobs has created one of the most amazing companies in the world. Every day I am surrounded by his work, I spend more than half my day on Apple computers. For me Steve Jobs has been a role model. I always wished to be as succesful and amazing as he was. I wish you all the best.</div>
Truly a visionary who understood how people and technology worked better than anyone before.
THANKS STEVE !!!   THE WORLD LOST A GREAT VISIONARY MAN, A GENIUS EMPLOYEER AND MANGNFIC ENTREPRENEUR. PEACE !!!!
We lost him as a human being but he will stay forever in our thoughts.  RIP Steve.
I had the pleasure to meet you in life, would be very happy to meet you the other side.  Condolences to his family.
Steve,   You will be greatly missed. Your vision shaped my generation, made me who I am professionally and gave me the tools to make many of my dreams come true. I hope your vision remains intact in Apple and we continue enjoying your greatest inventions for the rest of our lives.   RIP
It's up to you at Apple to Please keep his legacy alive and up to the   entire world to remember his memory.  Honor his dedication for innovation!  Apple, Keep us amazed!  "stay hungry" - Steve Jobs
So sorry to hear of your passing Steve.   My heart sunk when my wife  told me.  You truly changed the world in so many ways.  God speed.
What else can be said, other than thank you very much for everything.   You will be missed.
Hello Steve:   I know you are tired enough and this is not a world you interest any more, because you have already made us crazy than nobody else can do. But one thing you must know , that is we love you and are pretty impressed by your speech, your smartness and everything about you!!   I do not know how to say something accurate to show my mood. I just wanna say, thank you Steve, you are always and forever my mentor!
Simply, he made our world a better place.  --
Thank you. You will be missed by many and remembered by all.
The world would like to thank Steve for his contributions and wish him well for the future.  From now on, I will listen to your speech in Stanford in 2005 every morning and quote from your words to support my beliefs.  Have a nice trip, hero!
Simply put, HE WAS AN AMAZING MAN! This is a great loss to the WORLD. His ideas will live on Forever. My condolences to the Apple Family.
Thank you for providing us the best technological products of the world.
So many few people in this world have made something really revolutionary about technology. I am very proud, because I’ve lived at same time of a human being it was party of this select group!  Good Bye Steve, and thank you!
It's sad to say this! It's one information that nobody was expecting! Thanks for being my mentor and thanks for giving the world your "MAGIC". The world will be forever grateful to you! You will always be our iGenius!  Thanks!
I'm David, a former Apple employee and the time spent working at Apple was the best time of my life. Being a part of what Steve Jobs has passionately created, even in a very small role, was inspiring and has made me into the person I am today.  I owe Apple, and Steve Jobs a lot and he will be sorely mis sed by the world. Thank you
I am a 17 year old from India. I did not know Steve personally, and to be frank I became aware of him only when he released the iPod. However since then, Steven Paul Jobs has become the man I idolize, my guru, my role model, my Hero. Every time someone I know even tries to make an anti-Apple or Anti-Steve Jobs statement I'm automatically there to defend the greatest company and the greatest innovator. For me Steve was like a God. Every time he stepped onto the stage to make a keynote and release a product, everything else could wait, Steve was speaking. Sure, I never knew him personally, but I could feel a connection with him because I knew him so well from all the books and speeches, and I'm sure he knew me too because the moment I needed something like a new phone, or a tablet, he went and made one, not just any product, he made the best possible. If I go on I can write for hours, because in my eyes it is about the greatest man that lived.  R.I.P Steve
Thanks to you, I enjoyed my life.
My deepest condolences to the Jobs family. My father is battling cancer as I type and he may be gone before the end of the year, so I am experiencing some of what y'all have experienced these past few months.  Mr. Jobs' drive and vision and given life to computing and inspired a generation. While there will never be another Steve Jobs, I know that his spirit will live on in all of us.  Best wishes to Apple's employees. I trust that Steve has built a great team that will do justice to his legacy.  Thanks for great products and thanks for great vision!
A giant in consumer products. He showed that money could be made in the technology arena while being user friendly and still catering to the geeks.
Words can not Express the Vision of a man who was light years ahead of  the pack, he was the Da Vinci of our time.  He was an artist who used  the whole word as Mural.  I am sure the ones that were closest to him  will not let his legacy die.  Rest in Peace Steve your innovations will  live forever!
I never met Steve Jobs, but he created my ground,  he practically created all my things, he was my idol, he opened my mind, he is my inspiration, in life,  I will take his example for the rest of my life.
The world has lost one of the most visionary, creative, influential, technological, innovative caring and emblematic person today...We will remember him everywhere, whether we are working on our Mac computers, talking on our iPhones, listen to music on our iPod, reading books on our iPad or smiling and  laughing watching the Pixar movies.  He will be truly missed.
The world loss an inventor today.    I hope they are treating you well up there.
To Steve Jobs for the many delights of owning Apples through the  years...what a pleasure it has been...warmest thoughts to his wife and  family and to the Apple Team...I'm so glad to have been a small part of  this wonderful ride by being an owner and admirer of such brilliant  invovations.
I'm a chinese boy,I think jobs is the most great man in this century. God want to own iPhone so jobs take iPhone to him.
My deepest condolences to the family of Steve Jobs for a wonderful man he was. I would like to say that he has forever changed the way we think of technology and innovation and Apple was his creation and forever live in memory of him. I was always impressed by the way he could stir up a crowd. He would make us believe in fantasies again. That we can always do better. I would like to say he is an icon my generation will never forget and one that will live on to the next. Thank you Steve Jobs R.I.P.
He truly was a visionary and one of the only business minded individuals who respected design, apple is a testament this respect.  I raise a glass to Steve Jobs.
Hi Steve,     You're angel to Human beings and one day you'll back, I believe in it.
Although I never knew Steve Jobs personally I was blessed to be on the receiving end of his genius that he shared with the world..  What a great mind &amp; a tremendous gift to the world &amp; how I admired his vision..     RIP Steve &amp; my deepest condolences to your entire family &amp; your extended family at Apple..     What will we do without you..
I am ardent follower of Steve jobs and his vision. My deepest condolences to  his friends and family. He will be remembered forever. Only a few people can make such an impact in common man's life. May your soul rest in peace mr.jobs.
Coming generations will have to wait who knows for how long for another legend!
We will all miss his influence on the world. This strikes particularly close to me, having known him, and worked in close proximity at NeXT Computer. His innovation, drive for excellence, and uncompromising belief in building something better than “good enough” will, I hope, continue to be the inspiration for Apple, and others.
Dear Jobs family and Apple Inc,  The world is more beautiful because of him.  That is Steve Jobs, a man who changed our lives even most do not realize that.   I only had my first Apple product, iMac, for less than half a year, and I could not tell you how much I love Apple and appreciate the joy and excitement that Apple brings me.  No matter how much I say, it could not represent my condolence for steve.  We love you Steve.
You were the best and most visionary man of the last century and probably the 21st century. You are an inspiration to billions of people who want a better world. Rest in peace, my idol, Steve Jobs.
Such sad news. I pray that he found the Lord before his death. In life  he was a man of infinite genius and the world is definitely a lot better  because of his existence. Thank you Steve for all you have done
Truly an inspiring man.  My Condolences.
May Steve Jobs rest in Peace. Such a loss.
Without you, this world is a boring world, but He change the world and make it better. He changed my life, even all peoples lives. He made Apple into the most valuable company in the world. He changed the way movies are made, the way music are sold, the way stories are told, the way we interact with world around us. He helped us work, and gave us new ways to play.   Thank you.
R.I.P. Steve Jobs! I thank you for all the passion you have showed us and the amazing products that everyone can use today! You will be missed.
Today, I lost a mentor, a visionary and someone I wish could have been a friend.  His early work with the Mac started me on the first 13 years of my career.  I will miss his direct infuence on my life and the world.  Rest in peace Steve Jobs!  You will be missed!
If its even possible for a company to have a soul, it was Steve Jobs and Apple. He will be remembered and sorely missed.
May you rest in peace, and may your soul be blessed. And may some of your vision, genius, and artistry rub unto us.  We love you and we love to what you have done to our world. In your 56 years, you accomplished what most people could not do in 560 years or even 1000 years.  Thank you!
An inspiration for our generation!
Farewell Steve I don't think even you will know the impact of your passing. Thank you for the great contributions and visions that have made our world a better place to live in.
Thank you for creating the most amazing product of my lifetime. We will  truly miss you, and there will never be another Steve. Rest in peace.
I am writing as an ordinary citizen who only knew Steve Jobs through his products... What a great vision and what a great, relentless and unapologetic  pursuit of his vision!!! My thoughts are with his family, friends and Apple employees. RIP Steve!
I love Apple products. I get great inspiration from your products. Good  job, Steve. Keep watching Apple.
Thanks Steve, for all. Your inspiration for me, is not imitated to the apple  products, you has inspired me as human, person and mentor. I only preserve those words that you once tell me.  STAY HUNGRY, STAY FOOLISH thanks Steve, you will always in my heart, in my life, everywhere.
the biggest thing u did has been giving us the ability to believe in  ourselves!
I have admired Steve Jobs my entire adult life.  I never had the  pleasure of meeting him.  But if I had, I would have thanked him for  changing the way we all live. Thanks to Steve Jobs, I was able to sail through college at 32 years old  &amp; and become a physical therapist assistant...my MacBook at my side the  entire time. As a dance teacher (my other career) who spent countless wasted dollars  on cds, I now only teach dance class with my IPod classic!  My sympathy goes out to all the family &amp; friends of this wonderful man.
I am a man who has, since childhood, always loved technology and everything 'gadget'.  Steve Jobs' Apple has always challenged innovation to the limit, and it continues to amaze me in what it is able to produce.  All of my biggest and best 'wow' moments when it comes to technology I owe to Apple and particularly to Steve, from the first Mac computers, to the iPod, the Mac Mini, the iPhone, the MacBook and MacBook Air, all of which I have owned or now own.  There is just something about these products, their design and their intuitiveness, that they almost 'know' you, know what you want them to do and how to make your life easier and more fun.  No other technology brand has done that for me.  So thank you, Steve.  I am deeply saddened that you are gone and my thoughts go out to your family and your devoted company staff at this difficult time.  I will continue to believe in Apple and I know that your legacy will shine on in the years to come.
Dear Steve,  I never thought to write an email to you like this! So sad .....  Hope you had rest in peace, we will always missing you .. always
I visited Apple one time as a part of SpinVox.  My take away from the campus was the quiet brilliance that you could   feel and the freedom it created.  I will never forget the experience and the products of Apple created   by Steve Jobs.
Today the world lost a true visionary. An icon for several generations.  He will never be forgotten.
To you Steve:  Thank you so very much for being a part of our lives. Your works and vision have become a great stepping stone in our such early Technological Age. You have honored everyone in the world in performing this great deed. You will be missed by all, you will be remembered forever.
Your vision was second to no one. RIP.
Steve was an ideologue who stood out from the first wave of the silicon valley brat pack. The last to get mentored from a generation that included Bob Noyce and Doug Englebart Steve shared his ideas and vision with the world. In his own words (from 2008) Apple became the place where art and science met as well as the place where commodified technologies became the manifestation  of his ideas.  In the end the ideas that shaped the technology have themselves begun to shape and spread ideas - a fitting tribute to a great thinker.
It was the Apple IIe that got me started in programming when I was 12 (EARLY 80's). Thanks and goodbye, Steve.
Steve, THANK YOU!!!!! from the bottom of my heart, THANK YOU!!!! Thank  you for teaching me that there are no limits to inspiration, and  teaching me to live beyond set limits and realize there are no  boundaries. In having a dream of how you can affect the world. But most  of all  thank you for teaching me to have the faith to look back and  connect the dots, and learning to trust the future will do it all by  itself. A Leader and a Visionary, a man whom we should all aspire to be  like, you will be missed by many, you will be missed by me, but the  legacy you leave behind, to follow your dreams will live on forever,  inspiring people till the end of time. Rest Well, till we meet again.
i dont really know what to say, steve was one of my role models. everything i know about public speaking and presenting if its on youtube or if it was standing up at university giving a presentation to my class mates, i looked at him and took notes. he was a genius. a GENIUS. i thank steve and you guys at apple for everything you have done to change this world. my life is submersed with apple products, im using this macbook air to type this. i use an ipod touch when i go running and i use my iphone everyday to keep in touch with friends and family. you have made technology desirable. thank you so much. rest in peace champ
Steve changed the way we use machines. I am thankful for his vision of a world once called science fiction. It is real now. He is gone. Thank you!
I still remember being 8 years old or so (1990) and wanting a computer that was "fast and looked good." I was standing in a computer shop, which at the time consisted of ugly beige boxes with logos designed by engineers. The first time I saw an Apple computer I knew that was the machine I wanted.  Steve's obsession with design and usability should be a roadmap for any engineer, programmer, and CEO. Thank you for putting together the world's best and brightest to create that which changed everything.
I have touted the genius of Steve Jobs since the 1980's when I first  touched an Apple computer. I've called him the "wunderkind" of all times  since Mozart. I am deeply touched and saddened by this news. Today, I am a Technology Coordinator at an elementary school in North  Hollywood, CA. I run and designed our Mac Computer Lab and teach my  students daily about the wonders of Apple computers. Sometimes the other  teachers think I'm always doing a commercial for Apple and I do my best,  and successfully, mind you, to convert the wayward PC users over to  Apple. They are fully aware that I play favorites when it comes to  Technology. Stick with the best, Apple.  Steve Jobs is a man I've introduced to my students over the five years  I've been at the school. I tell them about his genius and how Apple  started with the two Steves. Tomorrow, when I open up my Lab, I will  have a small memorial commemorating this wonderful man whom I've loved  since 1987.Thank you, Steve, for making this a smarter and more fun world because  of Apple. Now, it is up to Apple, Inc. to carry on that greatness and  keep your spot at the top of innovative Technology.
To Steve's family,<div>You are in my prayers as you grieve the loss of your husband and father. Steve forever changed my view of the world, when I heard about the struggles he went through in life and how he didn't let that affect his dreams and vision it encouraged me to not let my own dreams die just because life throws me a few curve balls. I will always be able grateful to Steve for more than his products, I'll be grateful for his life. God Bless! </div>
He has been an alchemist..the ones that FOUND his treasure; The true Inner treasure. He is a fighter,innovator and a role-model in many aspects of life.  I hope "death" would be the ending point of a life and the start of a better one for you steve, Rest in peace.
Mr. Jobs was certainly a visionary setting a bar for everyone in the tech industry to aspire to.  His guidance, leadership,  insistence on quality and focus on customer service set the company apart. Truly, he built a team for all to look towards.  I had one interaction with you through an email and was impressed that you would take the time to simply respond. You will be missed in the world, but your spirit and guidance will live on.  Rest in peace Mr. Jobs.
Steve,This is a sad day for America and the world for that matter.  You were  truly an innovator and your genius design and passion will live on.  May  you rest in peace.
Personally, I do not carry any "Apple" Device...but he has changed the landscape for personal devices and where the competition was caught sleeping.  All the Best to Apple.
Steve,  Thank you for being a true visionary, most of which, we have yet to see,  Thanks you for hanging in there, biding you time, until those who wished to take what you created from you,  Thanks for bringing Apple from the brink of destruction,  Thanks for the Apple products to come!  You will be remembered!
I will miss you very greatly, it seems like only yesterday I saw you and aspired to someday be just like you. I loved your work with a passion, your vision has become a part of my daily life. From Macs to iPhones and iPads, I love it all, and I send my deepest condolences to your family...Thanks so much for everything that you've done. :(
My deepest condolences. He was one of the greats and it will be a long  time before we see anyone like him again. God bless.
You did what you loved... You had the courage to follow your heart and intuition... You Stayed Hungry and Foolish... You became one of the Greatest Visionaries of our time... and YOUR Legacy Will Live On Forever...   Rest In Peace Steve Jobs...
Steve....thank you....for everything.
Solo, gracias por todo lo dado Steve!!
Rest in peace Steve Jobs My deepest condolences to his family.
The world is less user-friendly without Steve Jobs. His vision was to make it intuitive and effortless for us all to  communicate. He made it easier for people from age one to one hundred to  use his tools for connecting and enjoying and working and playing.
One of the reasons I am in the technology industry is because of Steve.  I will miss him.  Godspeed Steve.
Mr. Steve's death was a misfortune for the whole human race. This is a  man who has passion, strong willpower and an indomitable heart. As a  student, I admire him, and I felt sorrow for his death. A great role  model, good bye!
So sad to hear about Steve Jobs passing. He was truly a brilliant and great innovator and has left a legacy with his technology that has changed the world. He will be greatly missed. This is sent with love from my iMac.
Thank you, Steve. You triggered my interest in beautiful typography.
Farewell to an amazing man who changed the world in an amazing way.     I live half a world away and yet I'm inspired by Steve in more ways than I can imagine.      Thank you Steve!
My prayers are with you
Sun-Min and I never got to meet him, but we will miss Steve Jobs so very much. We built our entire company on a Mac and now run it almost completely on the iPhone. We are perpetually inspired by his passion and approach to life.
Thank you Steve, you changed a big part of my life... I'll never forget you...  Rest in Peace  Stay Hungry. Stay Foolish.
Some kids grow up aspiring to be great rock stars or astronauts. Some kids want to be glamour models or great heroes in the forces. Some kids want to grow up to be a leader, some want to be millionaires. As a teenager going through school I was inspired by the story of the two Steves, and though I will never have the privilege of meeting Mr Jobs in this life, I owe my own motivation in life to his story, his resilience, his legacy. I will forever remember where I was on this day.
Never bothered to write Mr. Jobs and say thanks. My little tech  consulting business wouldn't exists if it wasn't for him. He and  everyone at Apple enrich my life every day, on more then one level. from  the work opportunities, to my enjoyment of the products, to new friends  at Apple retail.  Thanks for it all.
I am a Chinese student who is studying in America now. Steve Jobs is always a model in my heart.  I want to be the one of excellent person like him. I feel sorrowful about he passed away. Someone said, Iphone4s  Iphone for steve. Maybe it is true. I know he is a very good leader in Apple. Thank you for Steve giving us so many fantastic products.
Steve, thank you for helping the world think different. You were a shaper of our modern world and you will be missed.
in the morning, i heard the terrible news. steven jobs,our dear friend and an amazing genius, closed his eyes forever. it is really heartbreaking. i live in China and i have never been in America  even i have never bought any product of APPLE. but i am a fan of steve jobs  for his talent, courage and his nice smile. He lives in my heart. i will never forget him. Thank you, steve!
My only hope is the Apple team and leaders will still have the vision  and talent to carry on what Steve has left them. It seems that the new  CEO and most of the top leadership have been with Steve for years; so  there is no excuse for a change of business philosophy or direction.  There are many competitors out there just waiting for any future   mistake that will take Apple down and let them keep making just adequate  equipment and software which is improved little by little over decades  instead of real innovations...Apple style. Let's hope the present management will uphold Steve's legacy and keep  Apple the front runner it is as well as giving us the best experience in  our digital lives that can be had.
I  am a huge fan of apple and steve job .i feel like someone from  my  family is gone . he seems like part of our family.
Steve Jobs was an innovator and a true genius. He changed the way   individuals listen to music, surf the web and communicate with others.   He will truly be missed. My condolences goes out to his family during   this difficult time.
Captain my Captain!  Your death wake me up.
Steve's vision and genius forever changed the world. Thoughts and  prayers to his friends, co-workers, and most importantly his family. He  will be missed.
Thank you Mr. Jobs, my business has flourished because of you and your perseverance for the best product. I owe you my livelihood. Thank you.
Thank you Steve for Apple, Pixar and all of your innovations to the world. You will live on as one of the greatest visionaries of all time.  Rest in peace.
Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life. Don’t be trapped by dogma – which is living with the results of other people’s thinking. Don’t let the noise of others opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become.    I remember this statement very well. Particularly the line "And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition". Since I was recently given the oppurtunity to do so, I chose to open a unique gallery and put all my energy into my art. It's sort of strange that he died the day before my big opening. What's really funny is that my original major in college was computer animation, back when the Mac II was introduced. I've have always been a Steve Jobs follower and will continue to follow his beliefs.
God Bless Steve. God Bless Apple. Thank you Mr. Jobs for all you have done for mankind and myself.
We miss you Steve, thanks for create the perfection.  We remember you in your creations ipad, ipod, iphone, imac.  good bye Steve!!
Thanks Steve!!!!  "live everyday as if its the last one"  I will never forget those words.
I would like to thank you for all you inventions. As an artist, you gave me all sort of tools to create. You were yourself the ultimate artist.
It was not the apple that lost Steve Jobs, was the world that has lost a genius! Steve Jobs today and always!
Mr.Jobs,       Thank you for bringing wonderful products and ideas into our world, you will be remembered. Rest In Peace.
My condolences to the family of Mr. Steve Jobs, though I never met him  in person he has and still are an inspiration to me, a visionary  for his insight.
We have lost a great visionary for the 21st century you will be missed.
My first computer experience was in the 80s, and the first computer was an Apple laser, ie, a product of the mind of genius Steve. The technology industry lost a great icon. I am proud to have shared the dream of this incredible entrepreneur. Rest in peace.
We have enhanced opportunities to connect with the world and learn about each other due to how this great motivator led the talent he inspired.  To his family...no words can describe the impact of his contributions on technology and his tendency to thinking outside the box.  The world is a better place because Mr. Jobs was a part of it.
Thank you Steve, for bringing joy and happiness to the lives of many.  Very sadly missed.
Grazie per tutto e per l'ispirazione che mi hai dato.   Thanks for everything and for the inspiration you gave me!
My Grandfather used to hang pictures in his office of people he admired. When I was younger, I always thought that was strange. Today though, I understand.  My thoughts are with Steve's family.
Steve, you will be forever a silent mentor to me.  You are a modern day prophet.  You changed the world.   Rest in eternal peace buddy.
Thanks for all that you accomplished.  My life is better for what you have done in the way of bringing useful technology into my life.   "IT JUST WORKS"
No words can describe what Steve Jobs has meant to me. If someone was to  define the life of Steve, you cannot do it in one word, in fact, you  couldn't even do it in a book. I know this letter probably will not make it far, but if it someone does  read this, I just want to say thank you. Apple has been apart of my  family, and I will continue to buy Apple products throughout my life. I  have no doubt that this remarkable company will excel, just like  Steve would have wanted it. Writing this email has been so tough for I do not know what to really  write. But as I am touching my fingers on this MacBook Pro, I am blessed  that Steve Jobs created this life for us.
Steve,  Thank you so much for everything you've done. My life would not be the same without you. You are my hero. You have changed modern technology in a way that no one else could have. You will live on forever in the hearts of all of your creations and those who use them.  You are a legend. I love you.
The world lost a great human being, without life as we know it would not be the same, it hurts that died so young, my condolences to the family.
I am sad that we have lost this amazing man. I am grateful for his genius and "taste" in wonderful Apple products and  service.  Apple's HIGH TOUCH service approach FEELS like the energy of  Steve Jobs.  No comparison to the support from Apple and other computers  companies.  I am learning more than ever. I never met him but I will miss him.
Steve Jobs   was a remarkable human being - a spirit of incredible intellect and   creativity. He left the world a better, more inspired place in which   to live as well as a legacy to live up to.  I send warm healing energy to those close to him and a hope to all   that we can continue to uphold his legacy of an unwavering commitment   to excellence in all that we do.
Although only a recent iMac purchaser I have always been fascinated by  Apple devices over the years (have owned quite a few), and although not  all were to my taste, their appeal, design and ease of use cannot be  questioned. RIP - a sometimes controversial but ultimately fantastic visionary in  the IT industry.
I was 6 years old when my father bought me my first Apple computer: the Apple IIc. I wrote my thesis about Steve Jobs' managerial approaches on an iBook G4. I wished my mom happy birthday today via FaceTime, while I'm on my iPhone 4 and she is on an iPad I bought for her. I'm writing this email on my MacBook Pro.   He's improved life in ways unimaginable. The man is a legend. And I hope Apple continues his ingenious work by carrying his vision in everything they do.
I don't even know Mr Jobs but certainly know all  about him.  He has changed the world we live in today with his visions and  his talent and I for one would be lost without my computer, etc.  My 6 yr.  old grandson is a genius with the computer already.  My sympathy to his  family and to his Apple family on your loss and everyone remember how he changed  the world and the way we think. I'm grateful for him!
There are too  few visionary leaders in today's world which now has one less.
You are the Tom Edison of this era, and will forever be remembered.  Our lives are forever changed by your leadership and visions.  Truly a life gone too soon.
Steve,  I wanted to let you know how much you've changed my life over the years. You are such a great person driving momentous change into the world and making it truly better.  Thank you so much and keep up the great work.
The man. The legend! Steve Jobs live forever.
The world has lost a brilliant mind, but the bright ideas are immortal. Steve, rest in peace.
I was walking around my apartment complex along with my sweet heart when  my friend called me to convey this bad news. I was deeply saddened  instantly. my heart felt heavy. may his soul rest in peace.
How incredible it is that I, a 66 yr old grandmother, can send by my phone an email to say how sad I am that the genius who envisioned this incredible device has died.
Steve Jobs is truly someone phenomenal. He has not only changed my life  directly, teaching me how to live my own, he has changed the lives of  billions around the world - Whether you're playing your favorite song on  your iPod, trying to complete that impossible level on Angry Birds,  surfing the net for information for your next term paper or spending an  evening watching a rerun of Toy Story on TV, this man has touched your  heart in one way or another. I still remembered telling my mother how much I wanted that iPod Mini  back in 2004, my first Apple product, where I told her it would change  how I listened to my music forever, allowing me to carry my entire music  library, my source of relaxation and enjoyment. Now, 7 years on and a  thousand more songs later, this iPod has not only changed how I listen  to music, but how I listen to my life. Thank you Steve, for having the privilege to say that I've lived in a  time of difference, imagination and hunger.
hi everyone,  i'm young enough that i barely remember that first big apple commercial - running down the aisle with the sledgehammer and throwing it at big brother (still one of my favorites) - but apple's innovations changed the way i thought about computers.  my world is a different place today because of what steve jobs did.  my thoughts are with his family, friends and colleagues.  he'll be missed by us all.  but he left us a great legacy.  cheers dkw  ps. of course, i'm writing this on a mac.
thank you again for everything you did. we will miss you.
The world has lost a great visionary today. we are saddened by this news.  But, Steve Jobs will  live in our memory forever. God bless his family.
He taught us to "Think Different", be creative and always be ourselves.  Fighting for what we love, always takes us as far as we're stronger to  keep fighting. Thanks to him, Apple made greatest things, and so will  make a lot more.
I was truly saddened to hear of your passing.  God speed Steve.
Steve was just a Genius. One of the greatest men in the century.
My condolences to the Jobs family.  I feel like I too have lost a family  member...my phone, computer, and other Apple devices are always with me.   Steve Jobs revolutionized our world.  I'm grateful for his life and he  will be forever missed.  My prayers and condolences to you all.  His  legacy will live on forever.
I feel like I have lost a family member. Steve influenced my life and the way I do things. That is much more than I can say about most of my family. So yea, it feels like I lost a family member and someone who really mattered to me. I can only imagine how those who were close to him feel like now. My thoughts are with his family and friends.
You have made this world, a better world.  Thanks
Thank you Steve Jobs, THANK YOU.
I was introduced to the world of Apple when I got my first iPod   classic. Now I own a complete line up of iPods plus a Mac. I remember when you said, "Design is not just what it looks like and   feels like. Design is how it works." It's the best description for   your products.  Steve, you have a holistic impact on me; you will forever be remembered.
A man who left the world a better place than he found it, an achievement we should all aspire to.
He was a visionary a great human,he change our lives, rest in peace the  world always remember  him.
Steve's Friends and Family,  Thank you for allowing Steve to invent great products.  He changed my life and my business.  Enabled me to do things other companies in my line of work weren't doing.  He helped me by providing a great OS to run quickbooks on to keep track of my business.  Please continue to make us proud and so that I can oooo and ahhhh about every product announcement.  Thanks again for sharing your life with me.
Thank you for inspiring me and make me believe that I can!
Dear Apple,  Steve was our Leonardo Davinci. He was incredible. I'm very sorry to hear this news. I send light and healing to his family. He will be missed.
Steve Jobs shaped my childhood, and has given me the tools I need to  create as an adult.
Thank you SO much for changing the world.  On my desk is an iPhone, a MacBook Air and an iMac.  P.S. and 2 iPods!
Mr. Jobs showed us all that your ideas and dreams can become brilliant, shining realities. May he truly rest in peace.
I never had the money to buy anything from Apple, I could only look and dream with those perfect designs and one thing that always made me think was how genius was the guy behind all that. Steve Jobs changed the world for my generation, I hope he rests in peace.  My condolences.
He is truly an icon that bring new technology to our world. A man that  speak for the future, inspired many people, and follow him. A legend  that no one will never forget.  My appreciation to you Steve Jobs R.I.P
We will always remember you steve.... Those were the days when we would eagerly wait for the launch of any "Apple" product and spend sleepless nights outside the shop waiting to get hold of the newly launched apple product.  Steve...you have been an inspiring person and great human being as a whole..   Rest In Peace Sir Steve Jobs!...  Feels like the roots of the "Apple" tree has been uprooted.... :((((
Rest in peace visionary
Steve was the greatest man in the world. He didn't deserve to die at  this age. He will always be in everyones memory and heart.
I'm six years older than Steve but my fondest memory of Apple was my very first Mac....the cube with the black and white screen and the limited software ...shortly thereafter I got the SE and WOW.... my world changed.  What a remarkable man HE IS!!!! the permanent way in which his genius has made my life easier and richer is his legacy.... You are the MAN......,
Steve Jobs didn't change modern technology. He defined modern  technology. I've never met Steve Jobs, but I feel close to him. His death affects me in an emotional way. I am shocked and saddened. I wish only the best upon his family. May the legacy of Steve Jobs last forever, and may Apple continue to  be the company that he intended it to be. Rest in peace, Mr. Jobs.
You will be missed god bless you R I P.
Although I never meant Steve Jobs, I feel as if I knew him.  My   emotions have come over me as if he was family.   And knowing that   such a great man has passed, leaves me deeply saddened.  I find some   comfort in knowing his legacy will forever be remembered.  But life on   this Earth just doesn't feel the same without him.  I'll miss you Steve.
Steve jobs was born the year another genius died, Einstein. His genius will be missed but hopefully the torch has passed on another genius.
Steve changed my life and the lives of many hundred million people.  We'll miss you so much, Steve.  You made us dream a better world.
Steve - you inspired all of us, and you made things that were always  complicated seem so simple. Today, it is hard to imagine a world without  the solutions to problems, big and small, you helped create. Thank you.  May you rest in peace and your family know the real, human impact you  had on our family and so many others.
The world will miss you
You may have left your body but you have never left our world. You shared with the world the greatest gifts...innovations...knowledge.
While I was not lucky enough to have known Steve Jobs personally, I frequently found inspiration from this great man. What better can be said then simply: "The world is indeed a better place because of Steve Jobs".
May you find piece and rest. You did so many great things with your life.  Rest in piece.
I very well may owe my career to Steve Jobs.  Thank you for your vision, your integrity, and your ambition.
Every generation has someone of vision that stands above the rest. We were fortunate enough to witness the genius of Mr. Jobs. My thoughts and prayers are with his family. Rest in Peace Mr. Jobs and thank you
Thank you Steve, for changing my life, as well as others.
Many people in our celebrity culture play at being visionaries, when their myopia is evident to all but them. The same will never be said about Steve Jobs. He was the ultimate visionary - seeing opportunity when others saw only failure, persevering when others saw only defeat, contributing to the world in ways that we will never be able to truly measure. Throughout his life, he modeled the behaviors that we should aspire to emulate. Jobs' star may have gone out today, but the light from that star will be visible for generations.     Rest with the peace that comes from knowing that you've left this life infinitely better than before you arrived in it, Steve Jobs.
Jobs,  Thank you for my Mac! :,)
This is to the greatest and most influential innovator and executive of  my generation.  Your brilliance will be forever seen and remembered by  the way you have revolutionized the tech industry. Mr. Jobs, you have changed the world for the better and we will forever  remember you.  We have truly lost an extraordinary human.  God bless and we'll be seeing you in another life rocking out to your  iPod.
"Apple has lost a visionary and creative genius, and the world has an amazing human being. Those of us who have been fortunate enough to know and work with Steve have lost a dear friend and an inspiring mentor. Steve leaves behind a company that only he could have built, and his spirit will forever be the foundation of Apple."  Couldn't have said it better myself, always and forever my Hero and Idol.
Thank you for your vision and your inspiration, Steve. Your speech at Stanford U will always be remembered as a spiritual source of inspiration. Your message of "Think Different" has become my motto in life. You are an icon as well as an inspiration! RIP, and my condolence goes out to the family.
Just heard the very sad news of Steve Job's passing. My sincere condolences go out to his wife and children....it's never easy when you lose a loved one.  Steve Job's was truly an amazing human being...His legacy will forever live  on. My prayers are with your family and may they find the strength during this very difficult time. My they find comfort in knowing that you have made an unforgettable imprint on our every day lives. Godspeed and may you RIP Steve...you will be missed, but never forgotten!
Our condolences to the Jobs' family. Steve Jobs helped bring this world   closer and it became brighter with the help of his technological   innovations. May you rest in peace.
Hi,   Hope you're feeling better now. Steve's done such a great job these years and we all love him. He's a fantastic dreamer and what separates himself from others is he really made it. He will always be with us. Hope you could keep on. Stay strong, stay brave.
Steve Jobs was a visionary. One could say that he led us to the modern world that we have here, with the iPods and the iPads and the iPhones that dominate our news industries every day. But he was also responsible for creating a computer. A computer that ended up revolutionizing the world as we know it. I'm just a kid, and I never had the chance to know Mr. Jobs personally, but it was clear that he put his heart into Apple and his soul into it, and that's what makes him an exceptional human being. In this, he is a legendary figure, (not was, because his contributions to the world will always be here) but at the same time, a regular guy like the rest of the world...doing what he loved. In that, I am sad that I never knew the man beyond his public image, but clearly he was always something more. A visionary, a regular guy, a fighter. All of these words are part of what is and always will be Steve Jobs. Millions of people enjoy his legacy and in that, we are but shadows underneath it. So I offer my condolences to his family and friends, and I hope you all feel just a little bit better after seeing this letter, made by this kid.
Thanks Steve / Merci Steve,  Ce fut une chance de connaitre votre vision de la vie.
As soon as I learned of Steve Job's death, the first thing I did was turn to my MacBook. It keeps me connected to what others out there are feeling, experiencing and wanting to say, and right now, that seems very, very important. I think that was part of what Steve wanted to accomplish for us all. And in his too short lifetime, he did. Because I can do this, right now, seamlessly, intuitively. He made it easy.I won't shut my laptop off tonight. It would seem sacrilegious.  Steve was Apple's core. God bless him. And God bless Apple. Our lives have been changed positively in so many uncountable, intrinsic ways, personally &amp; professionally. A standard was created for visionary leadership, creative genius, dedication to ingenuityand corporate guidance. Combined with anintuitive understandingand true appreciation for the valuable relationship between product, service, consumer and industry is an achievement no one else has ever has matched.  I think he understood life. I hope we all learn from him. I am only a consumer of Apple products, but I will miss him and truly mourn. My deepest condolences to his personal and professional family. He will be deeply missed.
Dear Apple Family,  The fabric of my life has ever been changed by the technology and  passion brought through the visions of Steve.  I've always been a bit different in how I view the world because of  those technological goggles of Jobs vision.  Different is good.
I can think of no other person who has changed the way we work, think and play as Steve Jobs did. He was a creative, computer and business genius. We're grateful for the brilliant things he was able to bring to fruition in his time on earth and know, if he'd had more time, there were more wonderful ideas to share and boundaries to push.
We all miss you at our house. Steve was our Hero.
My idol and idol of the world. Oh my god. All people will remember you so much over the world. You're a great hero of the world, Steve.
It is a sad day for the Industry since a well-known and highly-respected visionary leader has passed away today.   He will be always remembered as a pasionate man with brilliant ideas and a strong will.  Our most deep condolences to Apple, Steve’s family and friends.
Forever in our hearts...
*RIP, God Bless You &amp; Thanks
rememberingsteve team, thank you very much for this mail address. -  Hi Steve/Mr. Jobs,  You and my first computer, Macintosh, could change my and our life dramatically. And you could bring future to us. It was precious for me to see the future through you. Please let me say Hello/Thanks to you someday, somewhere. Good Luck and see you in heaven. Thank you so much, Steve.  Regards
By co-founding Apple, he has revolutionised technology. He will be sorely missed. My thought go out to his family and friends.
Steve Jobs was truly an incredible and inspiring man, from his exuberant  youth and through his long and courageous struggle.  He created the  world of personal computers and through that, and other contributions of  his genius along the way, dramatically affected our daily lives for the  past few decades - and years to come.  We will surely miss him.
Family, Friends and the Apple Team-  I'm very impressed and moved on the impact that's happened on my life and the world around. Unfortunately, it takes the end of a cycle for the bindings to reveal itself.  Please, find a way for these words to reach someone, be it just one or the world.  Peace and humble gratitude.
Definitely a man that inspired me in many ways.  I will miss his  keynotes and his visionary leadership that took Apple from the garage to  the world.  Much love to his family during this difficult time.
I've always admired Steve Jobs. A visionary for sure. He and his     team consistently designed products in a way no one else could seem     to match. Farewell to the worthiest of adversaries, from an Android     fanboy.Also, I have a Mac Mini and am damn proud of it.
Steve Jobs was an inspirational and legendary person. He will be greatly missed. May he rest in peace. I would like to extend my sincere condolences to his family and friends, and to everyone else who cared for him.
You passed too young. Sadly I lost my mother to the same ailment ! Our son is on the autistic spectrum and you singlehandedly with your wonderful minds at apple brought joy to us as parents when we saw our son interact so actively with his iPad. Thank you sir for having been a part of our life! RIP
bye steve... bye the real apple ceo... bye the innovator... bye the genius... hope the best for you...
Just wanna express my deepest condolences to the family and friends of Steve Jobs.  I am a fan of his work for some years and always appreciated his creations and capacity for innovation.  All we, APPLE fans, lost a mentor.
Mr. Jobs, your products and ideas shape the world.  As a 14 year old, I was incredibly awed and excited at having my first Apple product. The sleekness of the design and functionality of my iPod filled me with joy, and I would have no qualms against boasting it to my friends.  My childhood was defined by technology, and by Apple. You have played a major role in my life; directly or indirectly is irrelevant. For that, I thank you.  May the Apple, a product of your genius, shine forever.
Your brilliance and passion for your work will have a profound effect on generations of people.
You were the best man God has ever made. You are like the God of technology. When the first iPod came out I was amazed. The iPad was the best product I ever used in my very hands. I wish another man could appear today just like you. RIP my friend. we are all crying. good-bye. :*(
Thanks to Steve Jobs, I have been allowed to thrive as an indie filmmaker.  I wrote my first screenplay on a Mac nearly 20 years ago.  My MacBook is reliable and stable and allows me to run budget, editing, and scheduling software effortlessly... and my new 27inch iMac allows me to enjoy the editing tools of Final Cut Pro, the sweet codec of Apple ProRes HQ, and it's great to use with other creative applications.  So much technology is at my fingertips without breaking the bank.  To put it simply, Steve liberated a new generation of creative people and allowed greater power to the masses.  My dreams became a reality thanks to Steve Jobs and Team Apple.  His influence on the planet and his positive effect on lives makes him truly one of the most important human beings of the century.  Thank you, Steve.
The iphone enabled non-techies and even old uncles and aunties in Singapore to search for information. It opened up a whole world for the not-so-brave and made life so much more colorful. We thank steve jobs for it.      I am inspired by his commitment and creativity to such wonderful work.
I did not know Steve personally. I have never had the chance. Yet I feel touched and profoundly sad today...  My deepest condolences and my most sincere sympathy to his family.  May he rest in peace
It is with deep sadness that I listen to the news that Steve has died. Steve was the dear friend I did not know personally. He was  to me the first of that group of unselfish techs. He was THE genius of the 20th century. Yes, there is something different about Steve, and he will live on. Condolence to his family.
I don't understand why I am so sad. I was told the news and I cried for  a long time. Why? Surely people who knew him and his family most  especially are the ones who deserve grief. Not me.  For some reason I cared for him even though I had no connection to him  other than enjoying his products. I grew up in an Apple reseller in  Australia, so as a boy I lived Apple. So I've always felt connected to  his vision, his dream. The children's theatre company I run I have  modelled on him and the way he ran Apple. Don't take any notice of what  the other guys are doing. Just do the best products you can. Make people  feel amazing, delight them with what you create. And demand high  standards from those working with you. We even modelled our advertising  after the Mac vs PC ads, comparing our shows with other companies shows!  And the odd thing, all day yesterday even though I did not know he was  dying, I was watching old keynotes on youtube of Steve. The one from  WWDC in 1997 before he became the iCEO. The 1998 one, a bunch of others.  Just had it on in the background for hours and hours whilst I worked and  ate.  Very strange.  I emailed him one time to talk about his disease and to look at the  emotional causes behind it. He of course went down the path of trying to  heal it on a physical level. And there's so much grief about losing him,  even though I know he's not gone forever. I'm not talking about heaven  or hell, I'm just saying he is alive in spirit and will have a whole new  journey in the spirit world.  I love you Steve. I will feel this for a long time, but I hope that your  next journey will bring such joy and adventure for you, as you discover  new things to create and be, and I hope we one day meet up again.  After all, it's best if we do not project our grief at him. Let him go,  let him be on his new path. I will do my best to quickly deal with the  grief, and lovingly from afar support his family to take whatever time  they need to do so too.  You are insanely great and we will definitely miss you.
To the family, friends and co-workers of Steve Jobs,  May you all be comforted during this time of loss.  Mr. Jobs was truly  an amazing person. While I've never met him, he has helped me tremendously during my career  in software by truly being an inspiration.
La persona más importante en la tecnología estos últimos 10 años y la persona más admirada por mí estos últimos 3 años.  Recordar que vas a morir, es la mejor forma que conozco de evitar la trampa de pensar que tienes algo que perder.
As I look at the words on the screen about the death of Steve Jobs, it looks so stark and feels so cold.  Crayola should make a rainbow colored crayon and name the color Steve Jobs as his influence and products inspired so many people to become vibrant, expressive, warm, and overflowing with ideas.  I hope his spirit remains at the core of Apple forever.  My condolences to his family.
No one gets to stay here forever. We are remembered by how we conducted ourselves, and what we left behind that can be shared by family, friends and the world. Steve, you left the world a better more exciting place.
My sincere sympathy goes out to his family and friends.  He changed the world forever...for the better.  Thank you Steve
Eu sempre tive a vontade de ter qualquer coisa da Apple nunca tive oportunidade nem o dinhero nescessario... Minha amiga realisou o meu segundo sonho de ganhar uma coisa da apple! me deu aquele adesivinho que vem junto dos iPods eu fiquei super feliz, meu primeiro sonho ja havia realizado pelo criador da maça! Fui informado da morte do todo moderoso por um grande amigo meu ele logo me ligou chorando dizendo que estava comovido não acreditei de primeira levou cerca de 2 minutos pra eu me conformar e começar a chorar junto ! E vim correndo desabafar! Jobs!
I just want to say that my thoughts go out to Steve's wife, children, other family members, and you, colleagues. Steve, thank you for creating those products I love so much and use every hour of the day. You've changed the world with Apple and you are one of the most amazing human beings that have ever lived. Rest in peace
He was a man that saw things other could not even dream of.  Thank you Steve for all you have and will continue to do for us.
Not knowing steve ... he still had an affect on my family, his &amp; his companies innovations gave the creative power back to us, and  away from the traditional computer heads. and made using our iPads, iPods, Macs ...... just FUN  His stanford address sits on my hard drive - and still has a powerful  message for anyone starting out, or continuing to live now  thanks steve
20 years ago I bought my fist Apple laptop computer.    And thanks to the genius of Steve Jobs, I will always be an Apple owner.    Rest in peace Steve Jobs.   You will truly be missed.
I feel deeply sad when I heard the news today, even though I have never seen Steve in person. I wish our current stem cell therapy was mature enough to save him...  May he rest in peace,  knowing he is loved, by his family, friends, and also millions and millions of strangers in the world...
I never met Mr. Steve Jobs personally but he has been one of my role models and inspirations since I was a child. I have looked forward to every Apple keynote just to see his presentations. The world has lost a creative genius. My prayers go out to his family.
You have indeed put a dent on the universe......  Feel honored to just belong to the same period of Steve Jobs.  You have raised hopes and inspired many of us to wanting to do great things in life.  Your era is the golden era of design, golden era of technology, golden era of business, golden era of entrepreneurship, golden era of user experience, golden era of greatness.  RIP
I worked at Apple when Steve wasn't there, but met some incredibly gifted engineers that really understood the need to know the customer and make the products just work.  He left his imprint at Apple while he was gone for a decade and he'll leave a lasting imprint on the world.
We also mourn the loss of the innovator who has inspired the world. Steve is a genius and full of ideas, which have changed the way we look at technology in Indonesia and how Apple has changed our lifestyle.  Thanks for it all Steve. You're always in our hearts...
Thanks for using what God gave you to impact the world.  My family is praying for the Jobs family.
I was born a geek. Steve Jobs made it cool. The world is better for having Steve Jobs.
So very sad and my heart goes out to his family. He will live on as the man who changed the way people communicate.
Thank you very much. god bless you.
Your dreams helped shape the modern world and even though your body might have left us, your spirit remains in our hearts and minds. The world is a bit poorer today.
He was the man who attracted me to the computers. His keynotes taught me how beautiful computers can be. His interviews taught me how fundamental, strong and holistic a vision can be. He defined his own path. He followed it unyieldingly. He was the man who created the world of artful computing for us. He understood the system integration required to build insanely great products way ahead of time. He was a great believer. Great warrior. The only way we can honor his memories is by exploring his vision even further and make the computing artful, intuitive and integrated. He perfectly understood what tools the 'crazy ones' needed because he was one of them. I miss you Steve.
My grandfather was one of Steve's first customers. Apple has been in my blood since I was two years old and spent my days clacking away at my dad's new Mac. My grandfather died of cancer as well just 3 years ago. Now that Steve is dead I feel like all of my worlds mentors are gone. Nothing kept me moving  through life like the success of my grandfather and Steve, now that I'm almost seventeen and both my worlds idols are missing from the face of this earth. I'm not sure what to do.
thank you for making me able to love life, even  when nobody believes in you   and you are lonely  fighting  for an idea able to improve the life of everyone. thanks to you, now we all think different!
For the inspiration, for making us dream, for having the courage to turn around a difficult situation more than once, you will always live in our hearts.  Will always remember you Steve.
Like millions of other people, I never knew Steve personally.  When I think of Apple, I think of Steve.  If I had to think of one word to describe him, "Brilliant." I was shocked to hear of his passing, and I had the feeling that I lost someone close to me, though that wasn¹t the case.  He built a great company and he saved a company and made it even Greater.  My heart goes out to his family, friends, and to all of his Apple family.  You will be missed Mr. Jobs.
When I open my macbook pro, iphone Internet connection, I find that this very sad news, I am sad. Steve I wish you happiness in heaven.
to Apple ... and the universe ... for offering up this genius and leader.  Steve Jobs' mastery of his skills -- and commitment to living a life that fully capitalized on those skills - have shaped our culture. Most importantly, the life he led - on his own terms - have shaped how we all will live and aspire in the future ... for as long as we are here.
I'm not a computer person. And that is why Steve Jobs had such an impact on me. He made computing relevant to everyone. He made it possible for me to, not just use, but thrive using computers. He had the vision to take technology out of the tech bubble and apply it to the real world. Very few individuals have made such a direct impact on the world.  It is rare that an individual I have never met would have such an impact on me. My first computer at home was the 1984 Macintosh (I was born in 1986, we used that computer until I was in elementary school). I now have a 2011 MacBook Pro. When I was three, I was about as competent on that computer as my mother (except that I couldn't read and could only write gibberish). I used to type gibberish into some program on that computer and it would (attempt) to read it back to me. I now take videos on my iphone.  Thanks, Steve. for the knowledge, the discovery, and the fun.  And my condolences to those of you lucky enough to have had him as a boss, a mentor, a friend or a family member.
I hope all of you remember him and keep going on the right path. Hug.
Seems impossible that Steve Jobs is no longer making and shaking up  the world, not just computers but how we live. I love Apple - Mac girl  from the beginning and always will be. Many thoughts of comfort and love for his family and friends.
I remember when iMac was coming out.I remember when Apple announced that it will not have a floppy drive.I remember watching the 3-step ad (there's no 3rd step).I remember when suddenly you can have a PC with colors other than beige and black. Revolutionary was an understatement. And it doesn't stop there.  It didn't stop here either. Salute to you, Steve.
The world has lost a visionary, a genius, a great person. Long live his memory.
Steve has always been an inspiration to me, to work harder to better the world I live and work in. And he will continue to represent that in my life. In a way he'll live on through Apple, a company that is as much a part of him as he was of it. I hope that everybody at Apple will always remember what he stood for and continue to do things "the Steve way". Apple has changed my life in more ways than one, and Steve has inspired me along the way. I will forever remember Steve as the legendary leader of Apple who helped to give us a better future for technology.
It is hard to accept Steve's death. He put the world in our palms. We have lost yet another star and the last carrier of the American spirit of innovation. in these hard economic times he represented all that was great about America. He will be greatly missed.  Rest in Peace Steve Jobs.
THANK YOU Steve for the happiness you created to our life. May God Bless you. We'll always remember you.
I never met Steve Jobs, but intuitive and intelligent are two words that  must describe him. His intelligent mind has benefited people's lives  around the world. I refuse to use a PC for the rest of my life, and I  love all my Apple products. My thoughts and prayers go out to the  friends and family of Steve Jobs. They should all be proud of the  wonderful legacy that he has left behind, and may he rest in peace. God  Bless.
Thanks for your tiny wonderland called "Apple Store"
Our Sympathies to Steve Jobs family and friends.  We just wanted to say he made a difference in our lives in so many ways.  He made technology usable and friendly. He brought our memories to life  and we are able to create laughter and tears using Apples amazing tools.  We can only feel a fraction of your loss but we do feel the loss and our  hearts and prays go out to you.
For creating such a wonderful world for people like me, dyslectic, utterly confused by all things technological. My first computer was a Mac, and it was an incredible feeling to work with a machine that was instinctive to use ­ allowing a person who struggles to read a sentence and make sense of it, an easy access into an otherwise closed world.  Thank you also for elegance and style. And for that incredible gift to create something I needed but was not aware of.
WHAT A SAD DAY FOR THE WORLD!  WE HAVE LOST A TRUE TITAN.  BUT YOU WILL CONTINUE TO INSPIRE US ALL!!
Thanks for changing the tech world and inspiring forward thinkers everywhere.
The loss of Steve Jobs is not just for Apple and the whole family is a loss for the world, he was a visionary, a builder, an example, a man who revolutionized the world, technology and history.     Rest in peace     Steve Jobs     Your legacy will be eternal for us
You are forever woven into the fabric of our lives. Steve, thank you for your courage, leadership and inspiration. So we are left saddened today.  Very sad. Thoughts for all around you.
Thank you for the impact you made on our world. My thoughts and prayers are with the Jobs family.
Thank you, Steve, for evolution of human kind - viva la revolucion!
Steve was a genius, a innovator, and also a good person, I will always remember him, the man who invent the Mac, the iphone,the ipod, and the ipad, and a lot of more things. I wished to meet with him, but unfortunately I will never can do it.  My sincere condolences to Steve Jobs’ family.
Thanks for all. Take a walk on the apple side of heaven!
Like a shooting star, you are gone at the top of your Apple Empire, may you rest in peace, you've given us a world no one can imagine before.
The world should be divided as follows: Before Steve Jobs and after Steve Jobs. From today we are at the after.
Thank you, Mr. Jobs. Your creativity and pursuit of excellence in each of your endeavors has inspired a generation of people. The world they live in and  the manners in which they interact, socialize, and work are forever better.  Rest in peace.
Rest in peace GENIUS STEVE JOBS. You were an example to follow. You gave everything to your company, you never gave up on your dreams, you held on as long as possible. 56 is too young.. but your vision, your talent, your ambition has raised the bar for all of us. Stay foolish, stay hungry- your legacy will never die.
Desde que conocí la vida de Steve quedé impactado. Hoy realmente me siento triste porque él siempre fue mi ejemplo de que vale la pena pensar diferente a los demás. Gracias por ser ese gran líder que tanto buscamos.
My condolences to all apple comunity and specially to all new generations, because the world lost a marvelous genius creator of new technology specially to make life more practical and on a way to create poetry with the products designed by apple company... Thank you steve Rest In Peace
Although I did not know you personally, I felt as though you knew me.   What you did was  help me become more comfortable with technology by  keeping your products simple enough for me to understand and use.  You  kept me, the customer, in mind the entire time when developing and  designing your products.  And for this, I want to say thank you and you  will truly be missed!
No comments.  Silence.
Dear Steve,   As I just found out that you have passed on, I could not bear the words upon the screen. Steve I want to thank you, thank you Steve. You and everyone else at Apple have created a Symbol in which the different strive and the bright shine. My generation will look on to the history of a great man, relative to Pluto and the great Albert Einstein. My only regret is that I never got the chance to meet you in person, and experience the wisdom and relationship you have created between art and technology.
God bless him.
Never met Steve, but felt I knew him by proxy. He launched my second,  third and fourth careers. I'm simply overwhelmed by the tragic loss to  your family and close friends, and I truly wonder who will NeXT lead the  world with innovation and passion such as his.  May God bless your family in this time of sorrow.
Dear Steve,  I've learnt so much from you. R.I.P. Steve, I will never forget you.
I was shocked and very saddened to hear of the loss of one of the greatest minds of this age. Although I never knew Steve Jobs personally, his influence has made a tremendous impact on my day to day life. I have become in my area (Philadelphia Metro) as the "iPostle" since I crossed over from PC to Mac user in 2007. I not only own multiple iDevices and Apple computers, but I managed to convert many of my friends and family to do the same, here in the US and in Europe. I used to kid around with friends saying that "Steve Jobs owes me money..." but in reality, I owe him a lot of kudos for making my life a whole lot easier. I always looked forward to his new product presentations at Keynote. I was also shocked when he stepped down as CEO a few weeks ago. Mr. Jobs' shoes will be very difficult to fill. I will never forget him. May his ideals and influence live on for ages to come.
In my name sent condolences to the family of this great computer genius. All we lost today but God is happy with the arrival of one of his sons.
Thank you Mr. Steve Jobs. You're a true visionary and you will be sorely missed. As I email you from my MacBook Pro, and my iPhone 4 is ringing, your legacy lives on through amazing tools that are revolutionary and bring people together all over the world. Much love.
Because of you I am able to get what is in my head out there.... You made the world a better place....  All the Best.
Thank you Mr. Jobs for your amazing contributions to the world of technology and society. You were a game changer. Always on the leading edge. May your vision live on in your team. Rest in peace.
The most amazing person of my lifetime.  Thank you so much for bringing me the enjoyment of life, everyday.  You will be forever remembered and revered.   My condolences to your wife and family.
The world has lost a true leader - a man who genuinely made a difference  and transformed industries.  Thank you for all that you created - rest in peace.
Dear all   I'm a Apple fan in Taiwan and I regret to heard this bad news. He's so amazing. I use iPod, iPhone and iBook for many years and he could always surprise me by his new ideas. I'm really sad that we lost such a genius with the most innovative mind in the world and even in history. Sorry again, I hope he could rest in peace forever.
I own a MacBook Pro, an iPad, and an iPhone. My wife owns a MacBook Pro as well. Thank you for all that you did!
Send all my sympathy to Apple and its employees, Steve was a great man who could not stand but his disease, praise the creator of one of the largest companies of all capable without my iPod Touch would not rest in peace, Steve Jobs, 1955-2011.  Greetings from Chile.
Hello, I am nine. I have a few things to say about the loss of Steve Jobs.  He was a very smart guy. He had lots of ideas for the new iPhone and other awesome tachnology. Many people will be missing his awesome, amazing creations. He is a creative, thoughtful very smart man. He will be deeply missed.
You changed the world. Thank you.
I have a been an Apple fan since 2007 when I bought my first Mac Book Pro. Steve Job's innovation and genius will sorely be missed. Thank you.
Steve will truly be missed. Your legacy will live on forever. Rest in perfect peace.
Just wanted to share our Condolences to the Family and Friends of Steve Jobs, the world has lost another Great Mind we will surely miss him.
Steve Jobs, the visionary, has given all of us square pegs, inspiration to change the world. Your legend will accelerate into the future and will take with it all the dreamers who will accomplish great things. Cancer may stop the body, but the soul will forever move on. Peace, love and beautiful memories to all whomourn him.
Dear Mr. Jobs, You will be greatly missed, today we have a lost a true visionary, my family and I loved everything you created, we were obsessed with everything Apple. We will never forget your amazing talent, Rest in peace...and always smile.
Steve,  You changed the world and made it a better place. I thank you for how those changes have made my life better and how your drive has inspired me to do the same.
I have known about you for a long time but did not until recently discover how immensely you have revolutionized technology and the world we live in. It hasn't been up to a month since I read a brief biography of yours and decided to put your name among my personal heroes. I am saddened by your death and I want you to know that the inspiration and motivation I have gleaned from your immense vision and drive would be with me forever.  Your very recent but strong fan.  Samuel
Steve Jobs was, is, and always will be my idol. I grew up with apple  products, and finally worked until I could afford a MacBook Pro. I  always look forward to see him present or introduce a product. Thank  you, Mr. Jobs. I may only be thirteen, but I know a great man when I see  one. I am sorry, Mrs. Jobs for the loss of your husband. I wish I got to  meet him. Thank you, Mr. Jobs for "A"s on my projects. Thank you for  inspiring me to be a great person. Mr. Jobs' death is a terrible event.  The world will miss you, Steve Jobs.
I believe that Steve Jobs has inspired the world of technology. If it weren't for his great mind I wouldn't be sending this email from an iPad, or even a  tablet. There wouldn't be the smart phone as we know it today. We would all  be using phones with slide out keyboards. I am new as an apple fan (about 2  years now) and this is very saddening to me. I know Steve jobs would love to see apple do better that it did even when he was CEO and I'm sure this amazing company he built will do wonderful in its future days. R.I.P. Steve Jobs.
Me siento triste pero se que vas a estar inventando muchas cosas en donde quiera que esteas, buen viaje y felices aventuras.
We have lost a man who in his short years did more for this world than  many are able to achieve in a lifetime. His legacy will never die and he  will never be forgotten; a true visionary and inspiring legend. Goodbye.
Steve Jobs was and still is my idol! He did so much for apple and even THE WORLD. He was amazing! If the world has someone who is just close to him, we will still be okay. No one can to compare to him. I will always remember him. In 20 years from now, and kids will all want the IPhone25, I can say, "I remember the first IPhone by Steve Jobs. He created the start of almost every electronic you have." He will be missed and never forgotten!<div></div><div>A fan who strives to be like Steve</div>
I bought my first computer while I was going to college to become a graphic designer in the mid 1990s. I looked over many machines to ponder which to buy. I looked at a PC and felt like I was all thumbs. I looked over a Mac and knew instantly what to do and discovered quickly all the magic this wondrous machine offered.   I bought my first Mac and never looked back.  I've turned down several job offers simply because those offices worked on PC's. What creative person would dare touch a PC and truly feel they were getting the best tool to perform creatively in a creatively driven business.  Thank you Steve Jobs... Thank you for challenging the world and truly making a difference.
I'm just an Apple customer but it seems like an entire generation just  lost one of their close friends. A person who has been a central part of  our technological lives. Rest peacefully Steve and thank you for helping  make the world work seamlessly.
I don't exactly know how to feel.  I've never met Jobs.  Yet I've never been so heavily effected by a death in this way.
For those of us at the fringe fighting on the outside always looking in - Jobs represents what could be by thinking differently.
Dear Mr.Jobs,  It is unfortunate that my first ever email to you would come under such  sad circumstances and it does not feel right that i am typing it on a  product you created but it is your vision and creativity that is  allowing me to do so. You have left us in person but will always remain  with us in spirit. Your soul is imbibed in every iPod, iPad, iMac,  Macbook, iPhone and Apple TV that Apple has sold and therefore you remain  with all of us forever.  I thank you and celebrate along with billions across the world your life  Steve Jobs! May your soul rest in peace and we will always take with us  everywhere we go a part of  your soul.  Salut!
Like many Americans, I learned about the passing of Steve Jobs via a   device he pioneered... the "iPhone". And then, a few moments later I was alerted from my "iPad" (both   thanks via "push notifications" from news "apps".   Now I'm typing an email on my "MacBook Pro" while listening to music   from my "iTunes" account on my "iMac". I may want to put myself to   sleep with a game of solitaire on my "iPod Touch" or maybe watch Toy   Story via my "Apple TV" before I go to bed.  Thank you, Steve Jobs, for being such an innovative thinker.  Most people never even met you, but we knew you were one of the cools   ones.  iSad.
I am going to celebrate *your* life and how you made my life better Steve, in my memory for ever! iLOSS
He was more than just an entrepreneur, he was an inspiration and a hero to many. I hope his ideal and innovative spirit will always live on in everything Apple touches.
My best wishes and condolences to Mr. Jobs' family.  I can't claim to have known Steve personally, but through his inventions I feel like I've been touched by him. In our home, we wait for a new Apple device to be delivered as if it were Christmas. My wife and I get so much joy from unboxing what I really consider to be gifts, even though we pay for them.  I'm happy that such a great visionary was able to see his company succeed so well, after experiencing so many challenges along the way. At the same time I am very sad he lost his life so early. I've never had to hold back tears at the loss of a business leader before, but I think for everyone who felt they knew him through his innovations, we must all feel this way right now.  There is no doubt this man left the world a better place than he found it.  Thank You Mr. Jobs.
If you ever do read this, I send my condolences. Steve Jobs changed my  life when I was 7 and got my first Apple IIe. That machine changed my  life forever. I've been an HONEST loyal comrade of everything Mr. Jobs  put his mind too. He changed the way I think and interact with the  world. His attention to detail has never gone unnoticed in my eyes. Even  though I didn't know him, he's always been a big part of my life, so I  feel like i lost a friend and someone I can trust. He was the most  innovative person in the past 40 years. The world will never see someone  like Mr. Jobs again. I'm sorry for your loss, and my family grieves with  you.
The 1984 commercial still gives me chills. Thank you, Steve, for what you accomplished first at Apple in the 1980's, then at Pixar, then again at Apple. You proved that the computer revolution was indeed a PERSONAL computer revolution. Then you gave us the greatest movie studio of our time. Finally, you gave us the sleekest, funnest, most easy to use and apply computer devices that literally put the computer in the palm of all of our hands. What a legacy. Godspeed.
Steve's innovations made me enjoy computing again.  I was proud to own a  Mac because of the all the work that Steve started. Your shoes will never be filled.
Today I shed tears as one of the most inspirational human being has  passed away. His speech to the graduating class of students was such a motivational  speech that I had my daughters watch it in its entirety.  Mr. Jobs, you may be gone but never forgotten by my generation or future  generations to come.  The utmost condolences for the Jobs family.
He was such an amazing man. The generations before or after ours will never see such a visionary. I'm truly, very sad that he's no longer with us. I wish he could have had a little more peace in his last years.
His contribution to the improvement of the world through his innovation  in the high-tech world is no doubt extra-ordinary. He is one of the very  few and exemplary human being who led us to the modern world of  computing and in advancing a better and affordable lifestyle of so many  - young and old, rich or poor, at every continent, every culture,  through the many products that Apple has invented and made affordable to  so many. I do not know of any person today who has not used one of  Apple's products.
I don't know exactly what to say. Thanks Steve for giving the world so   much. I am an avid Apple user and I will never stop using Apple   products. Its really unfortunate that you left us so soon. Your work   won't be forgotten.
For the inspiration. For helping my realize my dreams with the help of apple products and for your inspiring vision on life. Thank you Steve.
I bought my two daughters iPads for Christmas this year.  They're gonna be real happy.  Couldn't have happened without Steve Jobs.  RIP Steve.
When I first came to the USA back in 1984, the first computer that I   learned how to program and do simple math on was an Apple 2C and the Apple  2E.   From then it only got bigger and better.  Steve gave IBM a run  for their  money.  Mac's where ahead of their time in graphics design  and sound.  It is  amazing what this one man accomplished in his  lifetime.  He will be missed.
He was The most genius in the world. And forever. I always miss you Steve jobs. You get my respect. Rest in peace.
Steve,  You gave real big difference to letter "i". You are the man who really transformed the music, phone and computer  industry, the way we listen to music, we browse and call people. Your  speech given at Stanford  is truly inspiring.  We love you Jobs. May your soul rest in peace.
Rest in Peace Steve Jobs. You were simply the best  we will miss you
Thank you to an amazing man who changed our world!!!  We will forever miss you and you will always be with us!  I thank you everyday for all that you have taught us and what you have showed us.  May your family and friends know how many lives you have changed and touched.  Rest in peace and much love to your family and friends.
I was a total PC fan, and never understood Apple fans. Reading a bit  about what Steve was doing to Apple two years ago, I thought to myself  "There must be something I am missing, and as a teacher I need to  understand why some people are so fond of these machines". And it  started with an offer for an iMac. The seller told me "Once you start with this, there is no return. You  will not want to go back to a PC". How right he was! I am now mainly using Apple, only turning to a PC notebook due to me  teaching in that environment. Sad to have missed so many years of what  Steve had been producing together with all you Apple people.  He will certainly be missed, but definitly not forgotten. His legacy is  with you people. Make him proud.  WIth my deepest sympathy to all the Jobs family and the Apple family
Steve Jobs is a genius can change the world!
Thank you for giving me the tools that helped spark my creativity. Godspeed, Steve.
Steve, you were the inspiration of my life. Thank you for letting us be a part of your extraordinary vision. I will miss you dearly. You will always be a  part of my life. My thoughts and prayers go out to your family. Rest in peace, Steve.
Truly heartfelt condolences, May his soul rest in peace, may god be with his family. World just lost a great visionary person, who could change  how the technology could be applied practically for a day to day use.
A huge loss! Thank you Steve for everything you did for this world...
When i see my 2 years old daughter playing and learning with my iPod touch  I see Steve's vision and innovation reflected in this amazing device that only  he could have  built
Dear Steve,  Thank you for touching society with your brilliant visions and   innovation. From Woz's garage to having your inventions tucked in   hundreds of millions of pockets, in corners of the world people other   than yourself would never have imagined. You changed how we read   books, listen to music, and receive information.  You are one of the all-time greats on the Mt. Rushmore of innovation   along with Edison and Da Vinci. I will watch and listen to your   Stanford speech on one of your inventions when I am in need of   inspiration.  Thank you Steve. Rest in peace.
As a gamer, Steve Jobs has had a tremendous effect on my life.  From his work back in the day building blue boxes, to innovating again and again in everything he did to this day.  He will be missed. Thanks Steve for having a hand in making  me who I am, and for making things better for all of us.
Steve,   You have improved our lives. Thank you &amp; thank you!  Thank you and Rest In Peace.
Thank you Steve, for all that you gave.
I just want to say Thank You Steve Jobs for making all our lives   better, you definitely were the most important visionary of our   time.... you will be missed.
Steven Jobs I never met you before but I feel I have in a life before  this one. Your thoughts and ideas have inspired me so much! you were an  absolutely amazing man and will be remember for years to come for your  hard work, ability to see the future, and dedication for Apple. You have  put Apple at astronomical levels, Apple is far more than what it used to  be. I will tell my children about you and the inspiration you have given  to me, and i just hope one day I'm successful as you were. Steve may  your body and soul now rest in peace and be free.
There may never be a human being as creative or driven as Steve. He helped reform the way we view technology in society. Before Steve a phone was just a phone. Now phones are far more than just devices to call other individuals by. Without Steve computers would not be where they are today on the consumer market if it were not for the Mac computer. Even at this moment I am typing on a Macbook Pro. We will all miss you and we all love you dearly.
Thank you Steve, For all You gave me, and my kids, and all you gave to the world. And I don't just mean "The Hardware"  I do not regularly shed tears for people I do not know personally, but now, trough the tears, all I can say is: "Sayonara Steve...Sayonara...and THANKS"   From now on you will be an "Industry Standard" that everyone will be   mesured against.
From our family to yours, please accept our sincere condolences.
Hey,  I just wanna thank you Apple and most of all Steve Jobs for connecting people and for all the inventions you made. He was a great man. Enjoy your life in heaven Mr. Jobs.
My life has been measurably changed since I watched Steve Jobs pitch the  Imac G5. Since then I thought of him as the steely dan who thought about  me in such a personal way that he designed a computer to meet all my  needs.  Last of the True Pioneers steve Jobs was.  My condolences to his family and friends
Quiero decirles que el mundo es un lugar vacio por un día de nuevo ... Un gran hombre una gran mirada y una inigualable vision ... Doy mi apoyo a quienes siguen en su causa que aún apenas comienza ... gracias por mostrarnos un mundo que ni nos imaginabamos ... Larga vida Steve! A veces no es necesario conocer a las personas a veces solo basta una mirada para ver su espiritu.
I'm from Lima - Peru, a college student of Communications. I would like to receive my most heartfelt condolences on the passing of Steve Jobs. Recently, in time for class, my teacher showed us a video that showed Mr. Jobs speaking at Stanford University, was from his own mouth that I found out he had overcome cancer, it is as if I had been introduced to a boy which was shocked by his genius and intelligence and I am sorry to hear that he died and that video I take it as a farewell because he knew he would die. I am touched. Rip Steve Jobs.
He had a singular vision of how technology could be made to enhance the human experience.  The uncompromising will to transform sand and ore into a few mystical talismans.  A giant upon whose shoulders we stand.
Thank you for making the personal computer personal.
Steve Jobs I am what I am today, because my parents laid a solid foundation and you showed me the light! RIP my icon! Kind Regards
A sad sad day. Steve Jobs never to be forgotten.
World today had lost legendary one of a kind winner model Steve Jobs, A man with history that really inspired millions around the worlds and i am proud to be one of them....... may his soul rest in peace.
I'm sorry. We will never forget him.
My thoughts and prayers are with Steve's family and our Apple family! If wasn't for Steve, I wouldn't be where I am today, in a job that I love, with a big family who I love to see every day! So Steve thank you for more than just your creative inspirations, thank you for my family!
we all know the stories about the beginning, but I can say that I have worked with apple computers and everything else since 1983, and as I type this on my mac pro laptop, will continue to support the best computer company in the world! My father in law passed away from pancreatic cancer at the age of 39, so my condolences go to his family, knowing how devastating this disease is! Hopefully we can focus on a cure and better treatment for this cancer. God Bless his Family.
Thanks to Jobs, we have so many amazing Apple product in this world. Best wishes for you, our Steve Jobs.
Thanks Steve!
I don't use the word hero very often, but Mr. Jobs was a true hero of mine.  His focus, his work ethic and most importantly his passion will always be a model for how to start, grow and run a business.  May God bless his soul and  his family that he leaves behind.
I bought my first Apple Computer in 1981.  Everyone at the company I was working for laughed at me and said 'What is that?'  I drove to Miami to buy it; six months later, the company I worked for bought it from me, and it became a legacy item at the company.  Thank you, Steve, for everything you did for all of us over the past 30 years.  We will never forget you.  And God bless your family at this very difficult time.
My 1st computer was an Apple 2e. Now I send a message of condolence to the friends, family and colleagues of a man who dreamed a bit bigger from a device that was beyond science fiction back when that 2e was new. Thank you Steve, you have changed the world.
It's a sad day but thank you for changing the world. Let's continue the dream.
For Steve You were a revolutionary pioneer who has changed my life for the better I own an iPod, iPhone, Macbook Pro and am buying the iPhone 4S. You made things simpler and have changed the world. You were a great gift given to us all and taken from us so suddenly, you  will be a legend and live on in my heart as a student currently studying  Computer Science at Queen Mary University of London who chose this path  thanks to your style and inspiring charisma. I will greatly miss your presence, it will never be the same. I hope  Apple will live on with your values and vision and will never forget how  you made it what it is today. A special man. R.I.P
Just a great man. We will miss you.
Mr. Jobs knew what people wanted, and he knew how to give it to them. He had the intelligence, the class, the passion, and the drive to make all of this happen, and it is reflected in his products one thousand percent.  I honestly hope that Mr. Jobs' legacy will continue forever. I hope that Apple executives will ask, "What would Steve do?" when they design new products, and I hope that this company will continue to make me a proud owner of all their products that I have, and agonizingly yearn for the ones that I don't.  "Do you want to spend the rest of your life selling sugared water, or do you want to change the world?"  Mr. Jobs, you are an inspiration to us all.
I would like to offer all the employees at Apple my sincerest condolences.  Steve made me excited to be an Apple user.  I always have been and always will be loyal to the idea of making things simple.  Steve has inspired me to get to where I am today in the wireless industry.   Apple products make it possible for me to have my job today.  Without them  my job would still only be an idea.  Thank you for the gift of dreams Steve.
I am saddened by the loss of Steve. I did not know him personally but regard him as one of the great minds of our time. I'm sure history will show this.  My condolences to all his family and friends who feel his loss.
Please extend my heartfelt condolences to Mr. Jobs family.  How amazing  to have made such a positive impact on millions of people worldwide.
Even though I did not know Steve personally, I was taken away with his  intelligence and inspiration.  When I saw his story on TV one day I was  very impressed with him.  I feel he was gentle spirit person also.  He  will truly be missed by the world.  I will keep his family in my  prayers.
May you rest in peace
I never knew him in person, but he has been a major influence to many.  Even me. He has also brought so much to this world. I wish I could grow  up to be such an influence and innovator like him. I wish I could've  gotten to known him in person. You will be greatly missed Steve.
We as a nation have lost a teacher. A teacher who had infinite vision in modern technology, and taught us all to be visionaries. He taught me not to be afraid to explore hand held phones, computer tech, and ultimately he made technology " friendly user" . To all Apple team I send my deepest condolences.
My condolences to Steve Jobs' family, friends and colleagues.  His loss is a worldwide loss.  He was truly a man of vision and inspiration.  He changed the world as we know it today.  Saying thank you for all he has given us is an understatement.  Rest in peace, Steve Jobs.     From the heart.
Good bye Steve Jobs! You were one of the great person who I respect. You will be written in our history. I offer my highest respect to you.
My condolences to Steve's family, the Apple family and all those who were blessed to have known him personally. He was an innovator and visionary beyond  compare and has truly changed our world. Rest in peace Steve. You will be missed.
Since the beginning of my career as a computer programmer, I used a Mac.  The functionality, beauty, and approach from your products has always inspired me to make applications that derived the same feeling.  The feeling of something just perfect, thoughtful, completely well made.  There are lots of words that can be used to convey this, but it's just a feeling.  I believe it's the vision that Steve had.  That is why Apple is so awesome and why people like me, will always look up to it.  Thank you, Steve.
Steve Jobs...The best thing in modern history, a man who changed my life forever. R.I.P
All I know is that my career, supporting my family, and the growth of my  creativity all stems from a magical box dreamed up my a man who knew of  no limits to his imagination. Thank you, Steve Jobs and happy travels to  your peaceful rest.
I am very sad. Lose a great person like him. The idea of my designs was supported by your computers. Thank you very much!
Steve Jobs made a difference, he was an innovator and a talented creative in so many ways - not least in the making of business decisions. We the users of Apple products felt as though a little of him belonged to us. He will be missed.
Deeply memory the man who have been changing our world!!!
I'm so sorry for your lose, I wrote an essay about him last year,  because he was a huge inspiration to me. My condolences go out to his  family. RIP Steve Jobs
Just a cool dude that changed the world.  When Stevie Wonder mentions you, you have made it.  Rest in Peace.
Dear Mr. Steve  "Many thoughts...,memories, and condolences".  Many thanks for your visionary! and creative!.
They all laughed.  But he knew what he was doing. We will all miss him.
Employees of Apple you have big shoes to fill!!!  One of the greatest visionaries has passed away but I know he has passed on his skills and passions to everyone that has crossed his path.  Apple has grown to be much more than a person it is now a way of life.    Thank you, Steve Jobs for making my life so much easier with the technology you envisioned and masterminded.  My goal in business is to follow your example.
The entire world will miss the genius that change the way we live, the way we look a telephone or the way we surf the web. He made technology something beautiful.  Rest in peace Steve.
I'm shocked and speechless.    This horrible news has popped up on my iphone just a quarter ago at 2:15 a.m. while I was watching one of the Steve's presentation on youtube looking for inspiration for my show tomorrow.   I always looked at him as a role model of innovation, great vision and passion.  I wish I could have met him :(.   Please accept my most sincere condolences on the loss of Steve
Very sad to hear of Steve's death. His impact on the world is profound. Sympathy to his family, friends and colleagues.
Thanks Steve for bringing us, the consumer, the most innovative technology over the years. R.I.P. Steve, my sincere condolence goes out to all the family.
I'm sure that this news saddened every one who read it. "Steve Jobs dies." The world lost a great genius. Steve Jobs changed the world, the tecnology is what it is today because him. He will be remembered for many generations.
I started as a computer science student without any background  experience or knowledge in the matter. But one day I heard Steve Jobs  speech. He made me realize that anything is possible if you are  determined and not afraid to dream. Steve Jobs has changed the world  with his vision and genius. He will be always remembered and missed. I  wish this is not happening but sadly we have to accept God's will.  My condolences to his family and friends.
I would like to send my Condolences to his family, his friends and those who worked closely with him.Unfortunately I was none of these things, but if I'm saddened by the news. I can't imagine what they're going through. Truly he was a pioneer of the greatest technology to ever hit the planet and as a big fan i know its not just about the product, It's about the man behind it. That's why I'm a fan of Apple, because I am and will alway be a fan of Steve Jobs.  Sincerely,
Thanx for changing the world i am blessed to be in this era to have ALL of your products. You will never be forgotten and your legacy will live on.
The world has lost more than just an amazing human being today, they lost on e of the most brilliant visionaries since Thomas Edison, a man that with his  passion and ideas helped build a company with no suits and ties, amazing cu stomer service, and products with un matched quality. The world will never be the same.
Thank you for your gift. Thank you for what you have done and will do for my  students. I teach students with autism who use iPads to communicate. Because of your product they can be part of the world they have always deserved to  be in. Your products has given them new life. I see it in their eyes. I know you will rest now and know that what you created will only open so many new avenues for them. Thank you for changing their world! As I write this on my iPad to you, Steve, a true legend.
It's a very big shame. I can't believe it... Steve Jobs, An amazing Man, is dead. A man who was fascinating me, and  so many people. An very genius. I really love this man. he was an icon for several  generations. I take the iPhone 4S like his last gift. I hope that Apple will survive and continue to give her best even while  continuing to live the spirit of Steve Jobs. I address All my condolences to the Jobs family  Good Luck Mister Tim Cook, Good Luck Apple, Good Luck at all the Apple's  team...  R.I.P. Mister Steven Paul Jobs, Forever My model.
Dear Apple, I'm so sad to hear of Steve Jobs' passing. I want to share some of my memories of watching the macintosh evolve over the years. As a kid, I used to go to Montgomery Wards and play with the Macintosh that was on display. The very first program was one where I could draw and use brushes (it was in the late 80s, early 90s), and was very impressed with it. Unfortunately, my family couldn't afford it at the time so I wen t to that same computer every time I visited the store until it was gone. Montgomery Ward closed completely in the late 90s and no other store carried an Apple product. I moved on to use the computers at school, but none  of them impressed me like that Macintosh did at Montgomery Ward. I didn't really think about having a computer of my own until I got to community college in 2006 (which made me a non traditional student). It was the end  of the fall semester when I found out that I could get a discount for a computer. I remembered that computer from Montgomery Ward and decided tha t my first computer would be an iMac. It took a couple of weeks and a cab  ride home (I don't have a car), I got it home. I also got an iPod Nano  2nd Generation a day before the new one came. They're still with me, eve n though the iMac got electrocuted and I had to replace the hard drive, and  I got iPod classic to make room for more songs, and a Macbook Pro to help  out with my new school. Thanks to you, I got my Associates and I'm a year away from getting my Bachelor Degree. I hope to pass these down when I  have my own family someday. Everyone will miss you Mr. Jobs, and know  that you made a lot of people's lives better. Ever since I saw that Macintosh at Montgomery Wards and that drawing program as a little girl, I knew  that I was going to buy an Apple computer. Thank you for everything.
iMac, iCards, iTunes, iPod, iPhone, iPad, iCloud, iMiss Steve!!!
Extraordinary person who's visionary changed the world for better. You were a Great Man. Thank you Steve. RIP.
I could not imagine a 2011-world without iTunes, iPod, iPad or iPhone...
Dear whoever will read this,  Steve was the man, who changed my entire life. His willpower and  intelligence skills made me think different, think the way I should  think; in fact, most of aspects changed due to his ideas and his ability  to push idea to real life. There are lots of people like me, who you won't ever know or meet but  they won't be the same again.  Steve Jobs is a Man in history of humanity. Man with capital M. He will  always take special place in our hearts and mind.
Thanks... :(
Remembering? How can I forget!. I have lived among Apple products since 1981, when I acquired my Apple IIe (still have it and works). I feel the loss as if it was part of my family. Steve jobs IS part of my family. He will live forever on every drawing that I made with Mac paint, on every print out from my imagewriter, on every email that I have ever written on my iPhone, iPad, Mac pro, MacBook air, MacBook pro. I will continue to listen and enjoying his legacy every time I start my Harley Davidson and my HD branded iPod nano starts to play. I live immersed in an Apple world. Mr. Jobs , thank you for making our lives so much better in so many ways. It's hard to believe than physically you are no longer with us but in my house , you will live in every corner forever.
Certainly, the world has lost a genius and a wonderful human being.  I'm a web programmer and even when I've worked just few times with Apple products, I've been always inspired by the technological advances of this amazing company and by the vision of Steve Jobs.  For me it has been a great honor having lived in the same time that this great promoter and creator of most of the current computer technology, and I express my condolences for this lost.
Reflections on Steve Jobs:  It is difficult to quantify or fully express what Steve Jobs meant to the world.  Certainly you could say he changed the world and how it felt about technology.  But, that doesn't really seem to accurately grasp it.  What Steve Jobs did was more impressive, he anticipated what the world needed before it asked.  Changing the world can be as simple as dictating, while foretelling requires the keen integration of technological advancement and human progression.  Too often the term visionary is applied loosely and inappropriately.  But, Steve Jobs embodied the definition.  Humbly,
I had no idea how attached I was to Mr. Jobs until just a few minutes ago when I pulled out of a studying haze and checked my email to see the news of his death. I am absolutely tech illiterate but have come to depend on Apple for beautifully functioning products that let me use a device rather than be confused by one. I am deeply grateful to Mr. Jobs and the rest of the Apple for their creativity, efforts, and amazing will to make these products affordable for the average American. I am deeply saddened by this news. My heart goes out to Mr. Jobs's family, friends, and everyone at Apple.  My sincere sympathies
Steve will be missed, but thankfully he helped us live a little easier  in our daily lives.  Bless his family.
Perdemos mesmo, um grande homem, que revolucionou a tecnologia no mundo, em todos os sentidos. Salve Jobs!!!
From the early days with Steve Wozniak to the iPad I now hold in my hands I have lived in amazement, wonderment, and awe at the inspiring figure that is Steve Jobs.
Steve Jobs. The most valuable CEO in the world. This hard working, and determined man has passed away. You gave us the iPhone, and the MacBook. But you gave us more than that. You gave us hope that the future is bright and we can hold it in our hands. Rest In Peace and with every time an Apple device is used, we send our gratitude to you and to the iCloud in heaven where we and I personally hope you rest.  R.I.P Steve. I didn't know you personally, but i feel like I have lost a friend.
Thank you for the products , the spirit , the joy, thank you for  everything. I just opened my computer and saw the sad news. i've seen  all of his speeches and presentations, and all of them meant very much  to me. He was a great guy, and a visionary, i believe in Apple, always  will, but i can't  say i will have the same excitement, that one witch  only Steve could produce with his worlds. There goes a genius.
We lost a part of living history ... I am grateful to know that this genius lived in my time ... and we closely monitor this icon named Steve Jobs...
You will be missed by all of us Mac Geeks. My prayers are with your family.
I am an artist and I am a nurse.  Steve Jobs and Apple have had a really profound impact on my life, not just because of the all the amazing products which this former PC geek discovered, bought and which are part of my daily life, but because of his courage despite illness and his talent to lead the also very talented people who are part of Apple.  My deepest sympathies to his family, to his friends, to his team.
God be with Steve's family, friends and co-workers.
We are all blessed by the inspiration &amp; ingenuity of this marvelous man! This icon will never be forgotten!!!
I just thought I would like to send my thoughts to Steves family and friends, he was truly a hero of modern technology.
I am deeply saddened by the world's loss. His creative genius will be missed !! My prayers to his family &amp; friends.
There are no words, No lamentations, Nothing that can convey ...the loss the pain.  There is always joy, Always innovation, A forever feeling of awe and wonder.  Inspiration, passion and courage to build a dream, that is what you have  taught me.  THANK YOU  Steve will be remembered as one of the giants of creative genius. Like  Henson, like Lennon, he has gone too soon.  Apple has changed my life.
Fuiste ejemplo de perseverancia, de una vision clara. Cambiaste el modo de vivir del mundo entero! Tu genialidad trascendera historia. Descansa en paz Steve!
You will truly be missed. Thank you for  everything you have done for technology.
Condolences to his family and friends. May his legacy serve to give you a little warmth however small the consolation - He lived a remarkable life and you were lucky to know him.  He changed a lot of lives and in his way helped to provide many with a new opportunity to make the world a better place. Few men in history have achieved this.  May his memory serve to inspire others to look beyond the gadgets and to see his most precious qualities that he brought to the people who knew him. May it inspire new blood to take us further into the next century.
You were one of those rare CEOs and soul who truly inspires... Who makes one wonder why aren't we all more like you as humans. Thank you for your daring vision to change the World for Good. We will carry your torch onward on! RIP Steve.
Hi, I feel so sorry for your loss whoever is reading this. Steve was a  very memorable man. I know he was caring, loving, and even happy. He was  very respectful to others. Everybody will miss him as he is gone. I hope  that nobody will ever forget about STEVE JOBS.
Thanks, for everything, Steve.  Rest in peace. We all missing you!
The changes you have made in the lives of people all over the world go far beyond introducing some of the most revolutionary products the world has ever  seen. The iPhone allows me to make a difference in the lives of the Patients I serve as an emergency medical technician everyday. It has provided a pla tform for useful tools that allow me to be better at my profession. You have  changed the world in every facet imaginable and the world is truely better b ecause of you. Thank you for being a commited perfectionist for the betterment of the world. Look down on us from iHeaven. Hope to see you up there some day buddy.
I'm sorry you had to suffer through this terrible illness of cancer. Thank you for doing what you did for the computer industry and making it what it is today.  God bless you and Your Family.  Rest in peace.
Thank you, Steve.  You made rich and exciting for all of our lives who lived with you.
Being a huge fan of Steve Jobs has me sad that he passed away. He brought me joy in my life and inspired me to be the best that I can be. He changed the game and will remain as the best. It's a sad day all of us. A genius is resting in peace.
I would like to believe that the value of one's life is how others will  remember you when you are gone. In this case I applaud Steve for the  person he was portrayed as and so highly respected by his colleagues and  business competitors alike. My condolences to his family who surely must  stand proud by his well doings and amazing visions that benefitted us  all. I am a proud owner of several products he designed yet more proud  and satisfied to have bought them from and individual such as he and the  company that stands behind him, Apple.  He will be greatly missed yet his memories will last many lifetimes  ahead...rest in peace.
I can still recall the how I was amazed when I see the first generation of iPod the first time at the year of 2002. That's the first time I know Apple products. Not until the iPhone was published, I knew Jobs himself. I had a first generation iPhone. As a Chinese fan, it is quite hard for me to get an iPhone that time. You can't possibly imagine, it is a such of proud to have an iPhone then.  I don't know much about Jobs, all our impressions of him are from his creative perfect products. As a Chinese style of condolence, I hope he has his good way to heaven.
An icon, a legend, a creative genius, an amazing human being.  It is hard to imagine the consumer technology space without Steve Jobs - becasue Steve Jobs/Apple is what the consumer technology space is all about.
I keep typing, deleting and typing again, such is the impact I feel and a loss of words as to how best to express my feelings at the news of Steve's passing.  Devastated. Gutted.   I think it's safe to say that every aspect of our lives has in some way been affected by Steve and in ways we can't even imagine.   Drive can make money and it can make a company successful, but that doesn't change the world. His unique outlook, sensibilities and general character which he brought into everything he did and it shows like a signature style of painting.  Steve was a visionary, a risk taker and a very cool geek. I honestly despise using the past tense because to me whilst that person continues to impact your life they continue to be with you.
Thanks Steve. I'm typing this  message to him with his creation. A memory of wonderful inspiration and passion for something he believed  in for the world to enjoy. God speed Steve. We will be eternally grateful for you and all you have  done for all of us. We will miss you.
Jobs be happy in heaven and thank u for your great work. Best wishes to Jobs and his family, also to Apple.
This is a big loss. I am so saddened. My heart goes out to his family. Today the tech world lost genius, innovator and symbol of creativity and inspiration for many. I happened to be Apple’s follower since I got my first iPod four years ago and ever since I am in deep relationship with many Apple’s products. He was a great speaker every time when he takes stage on Apple’s event.
It is such a tragedy that we have lost such an amazing person we will remember his contribution to the society's creativity and technology and will always appreciate all the amazing products that he had brought to us and that is not only the wonderful mac but also the encouragement and inspiration he has brought to the modern society and the improvement in technology everybody in this society loves steve jobs in different ways and this will continue and we will remember him forever.
Glad to have witnessed a golden era, an era of innovation, an era in which Steve Jobs had to innovate in the technology world. Its history is already marked in the books and the history of technology. Forces to all the relatives.
Even though I'm only a teenager, this news shocked me to the core. Steve  has been my idol since my uncle handed me his old original macintosh to  play with. Since then my collection of Apple products has grown  significantly. As I live in Australia, I still set my alarm at 3 a.m.  every time there is an Apple Keynote on, just so I can see what's  happening. Even though you don't know me, I'd like to pass on my condolences to  Steve's family, and his friends. It was a wish of mine that I would one  day meet this genius. But now, it'll just remain a dream. R.I.P Steve Jobs!!!!!!! Your innovation and creativity have shaped to unspeakable levels.
Thank you Steve Jobs, you made the world a better place. You will be missed.
With all of the people at apple, and with everyone who knew Steve personally, I would like to share my sincere condolences. Steve was a wonderful exemplar of a human being and a great inspiration to us all. As the creative genius and visionary he was, he changed the world and the perspective on society for the better. So, rest in peace, Steve Jobs - legendary dreamer and innovator of the world. Your genius and inspiration will forever be missed. But your spirit and legacy will never be forgotten. I do not share the pleasure of having known Steve personally, but as a fellow dreamer, I will always feel honored to have existed in his presence.   "Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life."
Steve Jobs has affected my life to an unknowable degree. It is with  great sadness that I, and a world of others, must say goodbye to a man  we stood in awe of.  He made it possible for me to see my family in the palm of my hand even  though they are, physically, 2000 km away. He lightened the load of my  backpack by 1kg. He made anything I could possibly need, available at  the touch of a finger.  I use his innovations hourly, and they amaze me daily. His legacy will  remain with me throughout my lifetime.  Thank you Steve.
Steve was the God in America. He built a strong foundation from scratch and it blossomed into something almost everyone touches in their everyday lives. I'm a new apple user of 4 years but felt like I've been a part of his family and successes for years. I just want to say I appreciate the opportunity to have grower with the company. Purchase the many products and here to see the many more products will prevail in the future. Steve will be missed.
You will be missed.   Thank you for all the neat toys.  Rest in peace &amp; God bless you.
How do you say goodbye to someone whom you have never met?  Quite the quandary, especially if the life's work of the departed has a profound impact on your daily life.  Nevertheless, I am compelled to show my appreciation for all of the sacrifices, heartaches, and obstacles that Mr. Jobs undoubtedly encountered during his quest to make the world a better place.  His remarkable vision and uncompromising standards served him well during his journey, and he certainly succeeded in bestowing more upon mankind than he could ever receive.  I would like to offer my condolences to all those who were fortunate enough to share time with Mr. Jobs.
We will all miss you so very much. You have made a world-changing company. In fact, I'm sending this email on my iPod Touch. May you rest in peace, and best wishes to your family.
You are an inspiration.  You will be missed.   Thanks and RIP.
No words i can say are expressing the loss the human kind encountered   for such a person who impacted the life of every person , directly or  indirectly .. May God Bless his Soul.
Dear Apple, One of the most influential men in my life died today. He inspired me to take risks, rethink standard design, and challenge myself. He has made a grand impact on millions of people and redefined technology we use today. I will really miss you, Mr. Steve Jobs. It's been a pleasure to be one of your many, many customers.
Steve always will be in my Ipod, my IMac, my mind and my heart forever.
Steve,  Thank you for everything you have done to the world. Your ideas, concepts and products will last forever.  God bless you!
My teacher's impression of this guy is that he would have been an  incredible child to watch grow up. Incredibly talented, incredibly people centred, yet incredibly  individual, incredibly clever yet incredibly foolish and then clever  again and again and again. Intelligence does not equal clever.  As Thomas Edison said, "I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways  that don't work."  Steve Jobs saw what was a foolish dream for many, as being simply  something that just needed another way to make it work. I say to the  children in my life, your dreams are already becoming reality as soon as  you recognise that they are there.  He will continue to inspire and teach and lead through what he has left  behind him - what a dream to make into reality that is.
Steve--  Thank you for making music so accessible in my life! You have made my  long hours studying though college and grad school much more bearable.  And, thank you for a virus free computer! You have changed the world FOREVER!
My deepest condolences to the Jobs Family and everyone at Apple, Inc.  Steve made his make on all of our lives in a very positive and creative way.
Steve Jobs was and has always been a idol of mine. While some people look up  to artists, actors, or musicians, I admire brains and brilliance. Steve Jobs was just that, a true visionary and genius. He revolutionized so much, and  his presence will be missed. RIP Mr Jobs... Thanks for all you've done and the  amazing products you have given me through the years. Apple will be my "go to" company for life.
Steve changed the way I looked at Apple products. My vision was small only looking at window products. Once Steve started with the iPhone I have put away my PC products. Thanks Steve for your innovation.
It's not end of the world, but end of an era! May you rest in peace!
I am deeply saddened about the passing of Steve Jobs.  My condolences are with his family.
We are all fortunate to have lived to witness Steve's creativity and innovative genius.  May we all be inspired by his greatness and never forget his spirit.  Thank you Steve for sharing your gifts with the world.
I am weighted down by the loss of this great man, RIP Steve, you will be  missed.
I feel like I lost a friend. I have so many Apple products because of him. He made it fun then added business to it. He made me smile, laugh and learn. He gave us so much but he did it by getting you excited about every product. Complete genius, gentleman and will be terribly missed. My thoughts and prayers are with his family. Very sad day. Thanks for making life more fun and exciting Mr Jobs. R.I.P.
Steve jobs IS an inspiration to everyone he will never be forgotten RIP
Steve Jobs was a super-hero to most of us.  He was the counter-culture's counter-punch.  He was a near mythical character who left a   feeling of intimacy in everything he built.  When you used any Apple   product, you felt the feeling that the designer intended.  That is   what art is supposed to do.  Steve Jobs founded a school of art for   the world of technology.  It is no longer Man vs. Machine.  It is no   longer The Ghost in the Machine.  The bar has been set higher thanks   to Steve Jobs.  It is now, the Human in the Machine.  It is about   technology as a seamless extension of ourselves.  This has been   Steve's gift to the world.
Because he lived am able to use a computer. The iPad. God bless wherever he is.
We will miss you Steve jobs you were my idol and we will be praying for you R .I.P Steve jobs WE LOVE YOU STEVE JOBS!!!!!!
TRIBUTE TO STEVE JOBS  Me and my husband would like to express our deepest condolences to Steve Jobs family, friends and the whole team of Apple.  We are very sadden to hear about his passing, as he is someone we both admire so very much.  He always impressed me with his creativity, genius, organizational skills, and most importantly - ETHICS AND INTEGRITY.    Steve Jobs always stood out as a visionary, who would not succumb to the lower standards of todays society, where so much is driven by profit only, but always maintained a high level of ethics and integrity in the direction he was taking APPLE.   I LOVE every APPLE product I own, it worth every penny I paid and more, because it was a dream, a vision, that was made into a reality and then shared with me! That's rare!! And that is very much appreciated!   I feel as if I lost a dear friend. I wish Steve all the best in his new journey and look forward to see new incredible things from one of the most amazing beings on this planet!!!
He refocused the world on giving the common man what they wanted, on making their life easier. He cared more about making their every day experiences easier than anyone.
I didn't ever meet Steve, but I admired him as a visionary, an inspirer, and a storyteller.  Each day, for the past 3 years, I have looked at the two Steve quotes I have written on my white board:  "Do you want to make sugar water for the rest of your life or do you want to come with me and change the world?"  "Stay hungry.  Stay foolish." - from his legendary Stanford Commencement address in 2005.  These words have inspired me to always be pursuing the things that ignite my passion in business and in life.  My deepest sympathies go to his family and all those who knew him and will dearly miss him.
You are an inspiration Steve.
Thank you for changing all of our lives.
To Steve Jobs and his family,  I am an 18 year old college student. I have never met Steve Jobs nor any of his members of his family. But tonight, I am moved by his passing after his struggle with cancer. His work has irreversibly changed my life in so many ways. The man's genius and his guidance of the Apple company and it's products has forever changed my view of technology and will affect my life for years to come. Tonight, the world has lost one of its greatest minds. Thank you for everything you have done Steve Jobs, your name will live on through the ages.
Condolences to his family, friends and dear ones. Hope God can give   them peace and resignation for their lost. All Mac and Apple users   have lost a dear one even though we never met him personally. Will   always remember him as a great mind and a great human being.  Rest in peace, mr Steve Jobs.
Thank you. I have embraced your brilliant simplicity from the day. All comfort to family. Fly free!
Steve made Apple what it is today. he will be missed.
Tho' much is taken, much abides; and tho'  We are not now that strength which in old days  Moved earth and heaven, that which we are, we are,--  One equal temper of heroic hearts,  Made weak by time and fate, but strong in will  To strive, to seek, to find, and not to yield. Bye Steve   R.I.P.
It's a loss of mankind for this century. So long, Mr. Jobs.
Dear Steve Jobs;    Steve Jobs, if I were to personally meet you, I would say thank you for your amazing work. You truly were an icon. My first laptop was a 2008 MacBook Pro. I remembered when I first opened it, I was in complete AWE! I was amazed of how elegant the design was and how fast and simple it was to use.  At that moment I was not familiar with Macs, I was a PC user. Until I started using Macs I never went back (laughs). So, because of your ingenious and innovative inventions, my job has never been simpler. Steve, God bless you and your family.  R.I.P Steve Jobs. You will never be forgotten for as a part of you is still alive and that part of you is APPLE.
"Here's to the round pegs in the square holes..." You give us hope, Steve. Rest in peace, and know that you are a keystone in the arch of history.
You made the most of your talents and inspired with your passion. Thanks for leaving a impactful legacy. May God show you favor.
A huge loss for the world - Thank You Steve Jobs for all you did.  Condolences to his immediate family.   He will be missed by the whole Apple Family and culture. Indeed, "the world is immeasurably better because of Steve."
My thoughts are with Steve's family and the Apple community.  He truly was an innovator and changed the world for the better.  Rest in peace, Steve.
There are few men whose names are as big as their brands. I can think of two: Walt Disney and Steve Jobs. The word 'genius' is often misapplied. But in this case, it's apt.
I'll miss him, we all will. I'm glad to say I had the first generation iPod touch, and just got the iPad  2. I can't believe he's gone, but he'll always be here, right next to my iPad.
Steve Jobs ...  TRULY A LEGEND Who Left a LOT for the WORLD and Changed the WORLD FOR BETTER.  May his Soul Rest in Peace.
Dear God,  You have placed such beautiful wisdom on this earth. Thank you for the gift of Steve Jobs.
You changed the world by realizing your idea. You made a better world by making people happy. Thanks.
My heart goes out to all of Steve's family. He was an innovative genius  and made such a positive impact. It's very saddening to hear the news.
I'd like to thank Mr. Jobs for the great products he and the rest of the team have given us over the years.  I've fallen in love with Apple's products from day 1 which was 11 years ago.    Again thanks Steve,  With much thanks and appreciation.
I was stunned to read of the passing of Steve. My heartfelt thoughts and   condolences to the Jobs' family and his extended family at Apple.    Bruce
Hi Steve, Rest in perfect peace! You are a revolutionary ! You have changed the way mobile phones are used. God bless you, heeps!
I had always hoped that some day i could meet in person the legendary Steve Jobs and express to him exactly how great an influence he has had on my life and my career. For his inspirational wisdom, i am grateful. I've shed a tear or two for Steve Jobs today... and i know i'm not the only one. My condolences go out to all who have been affected. Let's remember Steve together.
Thank you, Steve, from the mother of an apple family who usually gets  the apple hand-me-downs from her sons, but occasionally buys her own.  We've all learned &amp; designed &amp; produced &amp; kept touch through all of our  apple products over the years. We have all loved &amp; benefitted from your strong sense of design, your  innovations in technology and the the results:  beautifully functioning  products that continue to make our lives richer.  With all thanks to you &amp; to your families - both apple &amp; private.
Very Sad to hear Steve Jobs passed away. He will definitely not be  forgotten. My heart goes to his family, friends and his associates at  Apple.
I've never known Mr. Jobs with the exception of his media coverage.   I've never owned an Apple product.  The only application of any Apple  product I've used is the "Apple Quicktime" player for PC's.  But besides any of that....I wish to express my deepest condolences to  Mr. Job's Family.  My thoughts and prayers go out to them at this very  emotional time.  May Steve rest in peace, and may his family take  comfort in knowing that he is in God's hands.  Free of any pain.
Today I went to an apple store because I wanted to buy a macbook for college for the first time. I was telling my mom how amazing Steve Jobs was and all the things he had done to change this world. We get there and every one seems happy willing to help. I leave the store telling mom how we need to buy the macbook not just because Its amazing but because the people working there where so nice. They should be nice because they are representing the works of an outstanding man who has revolutionized technology and propelled us in to the future.  You will be missed Steve Jobs, you where an amazing man and a personal inspiration.... Thank you for everything.
Steve Jobs defined a culture. I attend the George Washington  University; there is an Apple retail campus store in our bookstore and  literally every teacher has to face a sea of apples from the back of  nearly every student's computer each day in class. I've always had Apple  products -- various iPods and an iPad -- but only recently received a  MacBook Pro for a college gift and I could ask for nothing more. I did not have not know Steve Jobs personally for his death to  affect me. How he has changed the world is evident and upon hearing the  news I felt as if the world had somehow irreparably changed for the  worse.
Thanks Steve, you made all our lives a better place!!
I'm sitting in a library in Orange County, California, and I just heard the bad news.  My heart goes out to Mr. Jobs' family and friends.  Now all that we are left with are our memories.    My earliest forays into computing were as a young boy, with the Apple II computer.  It changed my world, and revolutionized what people believed computers were capable of.  Mr. Jobs never stopped stunning us with his creations, each one was more jaw-dropping than the last.  I hope his death will be a reminder of our own mortality, and that it will force us to do that which we have put off for far too long.  God bless you Mr. Jobs, and thank you for making the world a much more interesting place.
Thank you Steve for creating a device that helped my kids learn to read, share and explore the world with a touchGod bless you and your family. I know you are in heaven's IT department building the literal iCloud!
Through your work and inspiration you have changed what I do and how I do it, and you have made it fun. My heart goes out to your family. Gone way too soon.
Steve you inspired me to be my best. i am forever grateful.
Ever since I was eleven and I got my first iPod Nano I realized how much of a  genius he was and such an amazing person. Ever since then (3 years ago) Steve has always been my hero and I hope that I can even manage to fit in his f oot steps.R.I.P Steve Jobs You were a great man and a revolutionary thinker.
Steve Jobs was one of the most inspiring people in my life!!!In such short span of time, he made people experience future! He changed the world and turned impossible into possible. I am a huge Apple fan and i cant believe the Father of Apple is gone. I am feeling extremely low and sad today.Trulya Genius! God Bless him in peace and heaven! His inspiration will never die! RIP.
My humble condolences to the family. Steve made this world a better place.
The news of Steve Jobs has died that make me sad. I don't know how lucky I am that I was born in his period.   He changed the world technology.   He always my hero and I will always miss him.   R.I.P Mr. Steve Jobs
Thank you Stevefor making a better world. We'll miss you.
The world was a better place because of you. Thank you.
To THe Jobs Family,  Our thoughts and prayers in your time of sorrow.  And thank you Mr Jobs for making technology fun... Your genius will   be sorely missed.
I salute you for sharing your vision and creative genius with us. My family will remember you forever. Condolences to your family. May you rest in peace
Can't believe this!It's not just huge lose for Apple but also huge lose for h is family friends and People like us who love his design production, personal  charisma.
I would like to offer my condolences to the Jobs family.   God Bless
thank you to the genius who gave us the dream.
It was so bad to hear. World lose  genius, Apple without  Steve Jobs!  May his soul and the souls of all the departed faithful by God's mercy rest in peace.
Steve, in many ways, was like a second father to me. He didn't even know of my existence yet he has been such an inspiration. I eat, sleep, and breath Apple, I love the products, even after having had my iPhone 4 for 16 months now I still get a nice feeling whenever I "Slide to unlock".I don't know what to say. I feel as if a close friend has passed away yet I have never spoken to Steve once in my life.All I can say is thank you Steve. You were an inspiration to me and many others. Stay hungry, and stay foolish up there in that iCloud.
I mourn the loss of Steve Jobs. The world is a lesser place without him but,  a much better place because he was here. My deepest sympathy to his family.
I just arrived home from attending classes at graduate school and heard the news of Steve Jobs' death. I am so surprised at my reaction. It is one of profound grief and I find myself weeping at this news. I did not know Steve personally, but felt him to be one of my contemporaries. Diane Sawyer said something to the effect the world seems a bit dimmer without his fire. Perhaps that is what I am feeling—a loss of that fire that he carried in his own unique and special way. My world has become different in a way I don't quite understand yet and all I can do is be with that feeling.
Dear Steve  Your ideas have helped me learn what I love  Your focus has inspired me to look at things in other ways  Your drive is what i think of through the toughest writers blocks  Steve Thank You For Helping Me Become A Better Musician
Sad to hear the news. You were amazing human being. Rest in Peace Steve.
Thanks Steve for making this world a better place... Fly high as your mind did when you were with us. Farewell and see you soon.
Sending showers of blessings to Steve and those that he leaves behind. God Bless.
Apple products are always awesome, they have changed the world and ME. I really love his spirit. Really thanks for showing me your spirit.
好突然，祝乔帮主一路走好，好想哭，我们会想念你的，你永远在我们心底！！！
Steve was truly a visionary. The world has been affected so much for the  better by his creative vision. I mean i am writing this email on my  MacBook Pro. Steve will be missed and my prayers go out to his friends  and family. The world will miss Steve and his great contributions to the  future of mankind.
Your soul still alive in your devices...
Never met him, but I certainly admired and respected him.
You made America proud to have a son like you;    You made the world proud to have human being like you,   You have done your own work on earth and in Bayangi tribe in CAMEROON we say    You will come again!!!    I Thank God for this 1st phase your beautiful short life on earth.   May your beautiful soul rest in peace until the 2nd phase.   NOW PLEASE KEEP THE JEANS AND turtleneck!!!     Thanks for everything
His death has affected more people than you can imagine.  Much love Steve.
The man the whole world will miss. So long Steve Jobs. Sent from one of the great things you left us... iPad2
My whole life has been changed by the lecture given by you in Stanford University. Reviewing the video of the lecture whenever I am upset or confused has been a scheduled thing. Thinking about you are now gone, I believe that your steps will be followed by a whole lot people, and apple will never die.     Wish you rest in peace.
Steve will be greatly missed!! He was a person that a lot of people looked up to. He started a new revolution of the most advanced technology. He is my idol
Because of you, the world now thinks different... It is now time for you to live different... Thank you for everything you did...
Hello all,  Very sad news today.  Steve Jobs and Apple Computer have been a constant part of my life   since 1984, when I bought the very first Mac 128. Throughout my years in the music and audio industry since, Apple   Computers in general and the genius of Steve in particular have been   an integral part of my work and life. Apple computers were and still are in the forefront of computing for   music uses, and my business in the audio post production field has   been driven by Apple computers for 17 years.  I am deeply indebted to Steve Jobs and his vision. He envisioned how people would want to use computers and made them   work that way rather that making computers that people would have to   figure out how to use. That was at the heart of his vision and it was an initial reason that   I became a Mac user.  Today is indeed a very sad day. Long live the memory and vision of Steve.
I know a lot of people are focusing on how the world will miss Steve.  I just want to say how thankful so many people are for the contributions he has made to the world.  He is truly a pioneer in the modern world.  Although its part of the human condition to feel sadness, let us not forget the happiness, joy, and truly ground breaking contributions Steve Jobs provided the world.  He truly was a gift.
I never met you, but I feel like i know you You made devices that I did not need, but had to have I made fun of those that would stand in line at Christmas for a sale,  yet I stood in line for each iPhone and iPad I neve met you, but I feel I lost someone important in my life.  Thank you Steve Jobs for giving me not what I need but what I want. My thoughts and prayers are with your family, friends and co-workers.
Since my friend showed me my first Mac in 1991, I have been in love with them.  I have been in awe of what you created. I have been in awe of you. Though I never had the pleasure of meeting you in person I have always known that ever time I turn on my Mac you were there with me. Because I know that a little bit of your soul goes into each and every product you allow to be produced. It's hard to envision Apple without you; I will miss you my friend. To Steve's family my heart aches with your loss. May you find comfort in the the coming weeks.
I am very sorry to hear about Steve's unfortunate death today. I didn't see it coming at all! The world had lots of geniuses, and one was lost today.  Rest in peace, Steve Jobs. We all loved you.
Steve Jobs was one of the best inventors of our time. If we had more people who thought like him, America would be in a lot better shape right now. RIP Steve
My thoughts and prayers go out to the friends and family of Steve. Steve was  more than a company or a CEO , he was a great man. God Bless.
Dear All,  I'm writing to you just to let you know, how sad I'm now. I've seen this information on TV screen 10 minutes ago. It's 3:25 in the morning, here in Poland. As a musician and music manager these days, I simply could not imagine  myself20 not using Mac Book, iPod, iTunes and iPad recently - whenever working on  music, which is the essence of my life of course. I'm under permanent influence of your ideas and vision, which are simply  great.  With my kindest regards.
The world will miss out on the wonderfulness of Steve. He was so young and had so much still to offer. I'm so upset.
Steve Jobs was one of the most innovative creators of our time.  His willingness to work hard to be the best and offer the best.  I love all of my Apple products and I look forward to many new things!
During a tough time in between ministries, I sold Apple products.   Steve's products reflected his genius and creativity. His passion for   functional beauty has shaped the way I do ministry infusing function   and beauty.
The world will mostly remember him as a technology genius but to me the  real genius in him was his keen understanding of humanity, and how best  technology can serve it.   Surely, humanity lost one of the greatest minds of our generation. I am  sure those left behind will ensure his legacy lives.  We thank you Mr. Jobs. God bless your soul.
I never got the chance to meet Steve Jobs but watched him on tv and he was a  brilliant man and changed the way everyone looked at smartphones and laptops &amp; iPods an iPads that changed the way people live everyday and he will be deeply missed for his creativity my deepest sorrows go out to the Steve Jobs family and Apple family there will never be another like mr. Steve Jobs may he rest in peace with all the other great creators.
mis condolencias para toda la familia de mi idolo steve jobs siempre se me a echo que es una persona muy inteligente nuca nadie lo podra remplasar DESCANSE EN PAZ STEVE JOBS.
To the Family, Friends, and Colleagues of Steve Jobs,  My sincere condolences from a fan, not only of Apple, but of Steve himself.  Very rarely does someone come along that not only has his gifts, but the drive and character to put them to their best use.  From afar, it seems that he succeeded not primarily because of his personal abilities, but by multiplying them exponentially through the employees of Apple and countless independent developers.  A true leader motivates and enables others to rise to their highest potential.  In succeeding at that, he has left the world a better place for all the rest of us.  Thank you, and my prayers will be with you all.
Steve,  Thank you so much for being such an inspiration to me. I have always  been envious of your style of leadership and your fearless approach to  taking risks in the world. Without you, my generation would not be who  we are today. You are the one who truly enriched lives, because without  your effort and genius of a mind, we would not have the amazing things  that we have today.  You sir, changed the world.  To the true crazy one.  R.I.P.
I was shocked and saddened to hear that Steve Jobs passed away - what an  incredible loss!  He made an incredible contribution to the way we work,  communicate and enjoy technology. He will be missed by everyone - my  deepest sympathies to his family and friends.
I have never said thank you for all the the time I enjoyed apple devices. Since the last four years you and your innovations made my days easier and your technique gives me a lot of time back. I will enjoy every minute with your devices. Thank you.
A visionary, he changed the world. The life as we know it. He will be never forget. His dedication, his dreams.
What can I say that won't be said? He made the world a better place. His  name will be remembered forever. Never met him and like millions of  other people, I was light years away of coming across his path, but I'm  deeply touched and sad for his departure. Wherever you are. Sleep well, Steve.
I have worked on Steve Jobs' keynote address broadcasts for over 10 years.  Although I never actually talked to him, I felt like he was a friend, a mentor and a true visionary.  I was always impressed with his genuine enthusiasm for his products.  I've been hooked on Apple for many years and I owe it all to him!  I feel like I lost a family member today and I can't help but cry.  I know he was sick for many years, but I just wasn't ready for the day to come.  He was a genius and he will be missed.
Steve, thank you for everything you have done for not only me but the whole geek community. You have changed my life and inspired me to be the person that I am. You are a visionary who will never be forgotten. Thank You and Rest in Peace.
Steve, you're the most creative, exciting man in the planet. You've inspired me to really go out there and persevere through every obstacle, you really defined the meaning of possible. Anything is possible if you put your mind to it, you will be missed. Watching you during those keynotes, announcing the most innovative products ever, laughing when you said "And one more thing"...your loss really saddens me.  My sincere thoughts and prayers are with you.
I'm sorry to hear that a genius is gone. Maybe, God likes apple products, too.
RIP Steve Jobs, thanks for the innovation that lead to change the world.
Sou Brasileiro, tenho 22 anos, e sou apaixonado pela apple, e por tudo que a marca representa, e do modo como começou..   eu li dois livros sobre o Steve e vi que ele sempre batalhou e estudou por tudo que ele quis na vida, nunca desistiu desse objetivo, e empregou isso na apple...     só posso lamentar pela morte de um homem que foi como um espelho para mim, pq meu pai me abandonou, assim como os pais dele, e vou fazer da vida espelho a minha, para que eu possa ser uma pessoa melhor sempre...
I am deeply saddened by the news, that Steve is no longer alive, however his legacy should live forever. I admire him forever for his excellence.  He has changed how the humans interact and listen to music. He is the legend and therole model for the next generation.
Steve Jobs changed my world for the better. I didn't know Steve Jobs. I  never met Steve Jobs. But the thought of him, his quest for excellence,  his passion for life and everything that intrigued him, inspires me  every day to be better than I am. It seemed to me that Steve was all about character and living a good  life. Steve was a consummate teacher. In the end, this intensely private  person taught us how to live and taught us how to die. My heart goes out to his wife and his children. Although it is so very  sad to lose a husband and father at such a young age, what a blessing  for his children to have experienced him and to have been influenced by  him, especially these wonderfully creative and productive last few  years. Rest in peace.
RIP Steve, a true gentleman and genius.
The first computer I ever touched as a kid was an Apple and to this day I refuse to use anything else.  Steves' ideas were so innovative and creative,  a box didn't even exist for him to think out of.    Thanks for making things just work they way they should.
Yesterday I was dreaming about work with you, but when I wake up this morning, this world lost you... Goodbye, brave man, goodbye, Jobs, we will mind you forever!
Steve was a hero to me and millions of others, his spirit will live on in us  all.  Without Steve I wouldn't be the man I am today, and I only strive to be better.
Steve,  You truly  redefined the meaning of genius, innovator and visionary.
So sorry for your loss. He changed my life with his unmatched products, vision, and passion for life. My thoughts and prayers are with his family and friends.
Truly inspirational, in life and beyond.
Hopefully the energy he carried in this life will come back 1000 times. He will be missed. Peace.
were apples.. 20 years ago during college at University of Chicago.. I still have those computers.. and because they were my first I can't bare to get rid of them.. I am grateful for the fun and creativity that Steve Jobs brought to the world with his remarkable products.. he made the world lighter more fun and inspirational.. thank you and I hope you carry on his spirit at Apple.. and make accessibility to all the main focus..  --    ~Enjoy the gift of the present moment.  Keep reaching for the stars each day. ~
Steve will always be remembered as a innovator. He has shown us how dedication and passion for excellence can make the world a better place.  He has shown me that the willing to succeed should be the motor that drives our daily lives. There are no impossibles if we put all our passion and love in what we do.  Thank you Steve!
im sorry to here about steve jobs :( he made so many great products i own an iphone 3Gs 16GB its an amazing product im confident that apple will come out with more great amazing products  apple is the future of computers steve jobs left behind a legacy &amp; will be putin Earths history books
Aloha Steve, The greatest computer icon and creative mind on the planet!... I didn't  even know him, but he will always be part of my life and in my  professional career as a Graphics Designer. We will miss him  tremendously... but he will live on forever and then some, kind'a like  Elvis eh! Thanks so much Steve for your awesome contribution to  technology, this world and humanity!
Steve Jobs is an icon every bit as much as Apple.  I think genius is a word that gets used all too frequently these days but it can be truly reserved and used with integrity alongside the name Steve Jobs.  His work, his products, his thinking and his life have inspired me and he will forever be missed.
Today I realized my consumer dream, I bought my iPhone, and when came back home, my friend told me "Steve has die" I didn't believe and I turned on the tv and i saw, he is my hero, my inspiration, apple has changed my life.
I'm very pleased to have shared a dinner with Steve way back in the  80's. He leaves behind an enormous legacy - I'm not sure that people  fully appreciate how things were in a particular market before Steve  jumped in with another 'insanely great' product.  I'm really very sad that this has happened to him.
I'm so glad &amp; proud that I grew up with Apple, I remember when I first ever got an iPod for Christmas in 2009, I thought to myself what the world has come to with a small touchscreen device that can connect with the world! Steve Jobs was the Leonardo Da Vinci of technology and most of all of my generation. Steve Jobs seriously was pure genius, unfortunately God always takes the incredible people of this planet first. Steve Jobs will always stay with us do to his amazing and incredible art of technology he brought to this world, and for the many others that tried to imitate his work but at the end of the day, Apple always ended up first place.  My prayers are with the Apple Company and Steve Jobs' family.
Thanks for Apple inc. Thanks for Steve jobs. I miss you so much.
He not only changed my life, But many of others. He will be missed.
The world and not only Apple has lost a Leader, visionary, a mentor and simply a genius. Its a great loss to all of us and no one will be able to fill his shoes.
Thank you Steve, for this: A considerable part of my ordinary day is spent "interfacing" myself   with your i-devices, and they do their work, so well, to let me able   to do mine.
Steve, you was a role model, you was our inspiration. The tech world will thank you for everything you always did. Your inventions revolutionized the world and thanks to you our life became easier. You were the brightest minds of this century, thank you very much and will always remember. We love you Steve! I hope you're sitting next to God in heaven.
Muchas gracias Steve por permitirme trabajar en los "productos de tus sueños". Buen viaje y mucha luz para tu familia.
Thank you for all that you have given the world we live in, and love so much.  The sacrifices you made for your family, and your health are appreciated more than you could know.  The world is truly a better place, having known Steve Jobs.  My sincerest condolences to all who knew and loved you.
My first computer was an Apple and my last computer will be an Apple.   Computers have been a huge part of my life since the first time I  touched a computer, an Apple II.  I'm a programmer now and every  milestone of my becoming a programmer has involved an Apple computer,  from the first program that I wrote in Logo on an Apple II to the Apple  computers I use now.  You are one of the most influential people on my  life and I thank you for that influence.  You thought different and the  world was a better place for it.  I'll miss you, Steve.
Mr. Jobs brought me the future better than anyone. My sympathies go out to a ll his close families and friends.
I saw the multi-colored Apple logo for the first time when I was just 10 years old back in 1995. The original iMac was such a revolutionary design &amp; utter beauty. iPod is one of the most important inventions of our generation. iPhone 3G S is the first ever Apple product I ever bought and I just LUV it. Can't wait to buy iPhone 4S, MacBook Pro &amp; anything innovative Apple puts out there. Jobs is no more but he immortalized himself by steering APPLE to what it is today. APPLE  Steve Jobs. He is still alive. Just look @ your iPhone. THANK YOU STEVE JOBS. I hope you're in a better place now.
You changed the way I looked at the world.
Steve Jobs inspired me to follow my dreams and to not fear standing alone with a vision.  Thank you, Steve.
The last thing my husband gave me before he died from cancer was an  IPod.  That was the beginning of my love affair with Apple  products.   Five years later I play my IPod everyday and remember what a wonderful  man  I was married to.     Thank you Steve.
I am an apple fan, and once an employee at apple retail as a specialist. Working at apple was one of the greatest experiences of my life. It changed and shaped me to become a better individual in society, and professionally. Send my regards to the Jobs family, it's a very emotional time for everyone.
Mr Job's inovation and brilliance has often held me in awe. I have been  a die hard Apple fan for many, many years. Peace to you and RIP Steve
I didn't know him personally, but I had a lot of respect for him and  what he did for the computer industry, RIP.
I feel blessed for living during a time in which such a creative mind shaped the ways by which we live. Mr. Jobs' ideas and products have had and will  continue to have great impact on improving mankind.  Thank you, Steve!
Bell, Edison, Ford...you're in good company, Steve.   Rest in Peace.
Steve was a man whose ideas changed the way we think and do things. He will forever be in our hearts the next time we swipe, click, type, and update. Thank you for bringing your ideas to us and forever changing the world. To his family may you get through this with strength. Think Different.
Hi all, I am very sad to hear this news. Last year I bought iPad and iTouch and I think they are the most wonderful products I've even seen. But today, when I open my computer, I encounter this sad news first. It seems that the world has lost its genius. May your soul peace in the heaven.
Just wanted to express my condolences and love and sympathy at this  great loss of a great man. His vision helped me to actually get so much  better at computing, which has enriched all areas of my life.  Thank you Steve, and may you rest in peace.
Steve Jobs was an amazing man with an amazing legacy.  He taught me to keep believing in your dreams.  As long as you in believed yourself, that's all that mattered.  You were even an innovator in the way keynotes were delivered.  Thanks for taking 'the computer' and making it so sexy &amp; cool!  I will miss you Steve Jobs, the whole package.  You have changed my life.  Think Different.  THANK YOU for that.
To whoever it may concern, Apple has changed my view of computers and technology forever, in a way nobody but Steve Jobs could have. I cried reading about his passing, but at least he is out of his pain and suffering. He's left an impact on this world in a way that's completely unforgettable. My most heartfelt condolences and sorrow goes out to his family, loved ones, friends, colleagues, and anyone whose life he has touched, or who has had the wondrous pleasure to have met him. I know he will be remembered and his legacy will live on throughout Apple and the technology world.  Sincerely, A proud Apple supporter and customer.
Steve,  I feel lucky to live on earth as the same time as you did..  Just thank you for the all good things you did.
A man who truly went back to the future.  I am glad to be a part of this generation. Our condolences to his family and friends. He will truly be missed.
I am sorry to hear of your loss.  Steve was a man who had great vision.  Thanks to him my world is a better more connected place.  My combo of Mac Book Pro, iPhone and iPad keep me in touch with my children and grandchildren who live far from me.   With the devices Steve pioneered I can not only hear them but I can see them, live and in action. That means a lot to me.  Thank you for all you have done and may you rest pain free and in peace now.
To all close to Steve Jobs, Please accept my condolences.
I just got my first Mac this week :'(. Thanks Mr.Jobs for making my  video editing dreams come true. RIP
I send my sincerest sympathies to his friends, his loved ones, and his  co-workers. The man was a historical visionary and the world has lost a  great man. I myself am truly saddened by this misfortune.
It is very sad. We grieve and remember. We present condolences to all  relatives. Steve has made much for people and very much has early left  this world.
Thank you, Thank you, Thank you. Steve Jobs...  Your spirit will be forever, and forever.
Fair Winds and Following Seas Mr. Jobs  Thanks for elegant simplicity for the end user.
There are no words to describe the wonders this man has put on earth.   He pushed creativity to change the fundamental of how the human race  utilizes modern technology, where form does not get in the way of  function, but rather blends the two seamlessly.  He will be missed, but we must appreciate the time we had with him to  experience what he leaves us.  The inspiration is that he accomplished  so much in such a short period of time.  Simply wondrous in that passion  does drive the human spirit to succeed.
I never met Steve, but I feel like I lost an old, treasured friend. I've  been using Apple products since 1979, so Steve has had an impact on my  life for over 30 years. He raised product design to an art form. He's  accomplished more than enough, but who knows what other products he  could have inspired given another 30 years.
I think many people would answer the question, "How would you like to be remembered when you're gone?" with the answer, "I'd like to know I made a difference."  I know I would.  There's no question Steve Jobs made a difference in the world we all live in and the way we live in it.  For some it's more direct than others, but the impact he made was global and lasting.  I send condolences and love to his family and friends. I'm so sorry for your loss.
God Bless You Steve Jobs.  You Were An Awesome Person.
My condolences to Steve's family and friends, and everyone at Apple who  looked up to him. I worked in software at NeXT for about 7 years, and  remember his vision during that time. He'll be sorely missed.
Steve RIP. You have changed the computer business. Thank you steve for  making everything fun again.
Steve Jobs was a brilliant human being!  All Brazilians pray for his soul.  Our condolences.
Rest in peace, Steve Jobs -- we thank you for all of your genius contributions that forever changed our society, decade after decade after decade. We will miss you dearly. Goodbye, friend.
I am very pleased with the success of Apple and the man who created it. Because of our beloved Steve, he created a technology company that I believe, will not be surpassed by any other "trying hard" companies for years to come. He just didn't create a line of exotic products that made Apple so unique from other rivals; but also an icon that is very well recognized by almost every technology geeks out there. All of the current creations of devices from other companies that are trying to imitate the look and feel of Apple products are a great example of a sign that defines how powerful Apple, Inc. and Steve is; very influential. I'm still on my first Apple product, the iPod touch 4gen, and I absolutely adore it that it is always within 5 ft of me 24/7. Owning a first Apple product is a tech nirvana and I will always look forward to your remarkable, outstanding, and world class company.
The man was an innovator, a visionary, a genius and an artist. Although his influence will be greatly missed his contribution to the world of technology and life itself will indefinitely stand the test of time.  Rest in Peace Mr. Jobs.  “Stay Hungry. Stay Foolish.” “I have always wished that for myself.” - Steve Jobs
Thank you for everything! You will be an inspiration forever!
Thanks for teach me the love for the computers. RIP Mr: Jobs
You will be missed. My love to your family.
My heart felt condolences to great leader, visionary and extraordinary entrepreneur who the world will remember over next 100 years.  My God rest his soul.
Simply (one of the Steve's fundamental ideologies), no words at all. Just simply meaningful silence that will echo throughout ages...
I know you can't read this, but thank you Steve Jobs, and Apple, for giving me 4 phones, 7 computers, and a ton of memories that without an Macintosh, iPod, or iPhone, I would have never been able to make.
2011-10-06:  Now,the heaven have Iphone.You still here...
Thank you Mr. Jobs for making some awesome dreams a reality to all.
I don't know you personally. With your powerful imagination, you have created marvelous innovations for this world to see. Even though I live half the world across, still I'll remember you every time I use my iPhone or iPad. You  are the inspiration for this world and me, Steve Jobs.
Dear Steve,  I consider myself lucky to be in the same era as you were. You were the reason why I look forward for every day!  May god give strength to your family to bear this loss. Nevertheless, take care buddy!
As the world mourns the passing of an innovator we can only express   our gratitude for the long hours, focus on the details, times you   stood firm on your vision and the passion to outdo yourself.  We honor your memory by carrying the tourch of your legacy as you   cross the finish line. Not celebrating just a man but the vision you   left.  Rest in peace, Steve Jobs
Sentido Pesame,  The best ever.
I am sorry to hear that Steve Jobs has passed. I'm sure Apple will  continue to innovate. Steve Jobs taught us the importance of entrepreneurial courage. He taught us that dreaming is real.
When I bought the Mac in 1984, little did I know it was just the beginning of my love affair with Apple.  Steve has changed my life for the better , and I am so thankful for his vision. One of my biggest goals was to work for Apple.  I am so grateful that I worked for Apple for 4 years part time.   I loved every minute. The people I worked with are family, and I know my family is feeling a great loss today. Thank you, Steve for all the Joy you have brought to all of us who use your creations.
Dears, He's one of the great minds in this century. I couldn't imagine what the world would have been if he hadn't created such those amazing things. He'll be remembered for always.
I received the news of Steve's death on my iPhone 4, and read the many tributes and honorings on my iPad2. While enjoying the fruits of genius I read about the life and death of their inventor. I am impressed, grateful and inspired. Thank You Steve
I recieved my first iPod when I was 13 years old. It was an iPod mini, and I still have it in my bedroom. I was amazed by it's beauty, it's simplicity and by the click wheel! That was the thing that got me wondering "who could think of such an easy way to scroll through menus?".  A years later I received an iMac for Christmas. Everyone from my family was curious to see how it worked, and through the past 4 years I have been using and learning how to take advantage of each and single feature of it. I have since then watched every Apple keynote, starting from the introduction of the first Macintosh to the unveal of the iPhone 4s.  I started college just a week ago and I had chosen already to follow Computer Sciences, as my dream was to actually work for Steve, or at least get to see him in the hall. I mourn the fact that it won't be possible, but I have true beliefs that the Apple team will continue his proud work.  We have indeed lost a genious, but I chose today not to lose my dream and to work and study so that maybe, one day, I get to step inside the Apple campus.  I pray that he rests in peace, and I truly believe he has acomplished most of his life's goals.  This is a fan's point of view, from across the Atlantic Ocean.
I may never have known him personally, but as an owner of several iPods and an iPhone, and as a lover of technology, this is a deep loss for me. May you Rest in Peace, Steve Jobs. You will be missed.
Steve's awesome creation, brilliance shapes the technology of today's entertainment. His creations are everywhere in the world, making bond with billions of people. His stamina, energy really make me think. He is truly a "Superman" to me. Today we have lost a great man, a inventor. He had talent to predict what common people wants. Wherever he is, may his soul rests in peace. Steve, we will remember you always.
The legacy you left behind will never be forgotten.
I think it is very telling that I write this to you on a MacBook Pro, which I think Steve would be proud of. We have lost a visionary, a pioneer and an adventurer. Nothing will ever be quite the same again. I never knew him but I am upset. He was such a revolutionary thinker and he always had a new way to do things. My sincerest sympathies to his family. He will not be forgotten. His legacy lives on in technology that we all use and love using. I think he'd like that. He saw what we should be doing and now, we're doing it! He was a marvellous man!
As a 16 year veteran educator, I have seen the impact that Steve's vision and creations have effected a generation of children, including me. I am thankful the world had an opportunity to share Steve for a short while. It has made all the difference.
Thinking back to my ipods and the convenience they brought, I have to be thankful for the innovation that spurred it. Thank you. RIP Steve.
Desde Chile les doy mis condolencias, se ha ido de este mundo un hombre maravilloso. Luego de cinco años perdidos en la universidad las esperanzas se fueron de mi vida y me sentí derrotada, gracias a su discurso que dió en la universidad de Stanford para una graduación volví a creer en mi y a recuperar el tiempo perdido con los mios.  Un abrazo gigante y solo pedir que Dios nos envié más hombres como Steve.
Rest in peace Steve......Condolences from Mumbai. You really were a unique person, this earth would ever had. I hope APPLE will continue growing with same pace and innovativeness because its afterall you....who are the founder of it.  Take Care and God Bless You and your Family members.
Via the care and concern for the blind. I have managed to keep in contact with life. The iPad has been a magic help for me. I can never say thank you enough to him and his spirit shall live with me. It shall be an enormous job to  keep Apple a Steve AppleCare for all people. I shall miss him with deep grief.
No only was he an amazing human being, he was a very nice man who  thought of others. I pray that he will be remembered for all that he did for the young and  old. To the family and friends: Thank God for the  time that you had, and please do not be sad.  					 				You could have been one of the millions  of people that never had the 							 			pleasure  to know him, and then you would just  be mad.   									 May God bless you and keep you all at this time
You went nowhere and just became Siri, right built in our pocket. So then you'll never been this close to us and still leads the way, So long....
I have lost one of my best friends that I never met.  RIP-my friend!
One of the most incredible visionary minds of our time. My life is more enriched because of the products he envisioned and designed.
Even as I write this from my iPhone I am overwhelmed by how awesome of a person he was. He lived his life his way. If I ever own my own company I would hope to run it as successfully as he did. "I did it my way" is an understatement to his spirit. RIP Mr. Jobs. You Rocked!
I have been a loyal and faithful supporter of Steve for over 20 years. he has been my hero and a role model for years. His approach to business, his attention to detail, his vision for what his customers need, and his ability to deliver stunning pieces of technology has been beyond what anyone else has done. saving Apple and bringing it to where it is today. I am head of IT and am often been accused of being on Apple's payroll for my unweavering  belief in them and what Steve Jobs has delivered.  The world has lost a talented and awesome human being. The world has lost a true genius. One in a billion. God bless you my friend.
Condolences from Rome.
Few people have had such a positive impact on the world, Steve Jobs was one such person. I will miss him.
i am truly sorry to here this, i wish you family the best, your memory  and life will go on forever, thank you for everything you have done, as  this world would not be what it is today. now when i write this letter  using my mac book, which will then send this email wirelessly to you  through my apple extreme, you work will be remembered, even when i watch  tv tonight i will be use my apple tv and before i go to bed face time my  2 girls through my iphone 4, and i will then go to bed with music using  my itouch and then my work out in the morning with my nano. you changed  that world and man life simpler and fun for all R.I.P. MR. Jobs
Mr. Jobs,  Thank You for making all of our lives so much easier.  A true genius, in the very best American way.  God Bless you.  Enjoy your new home!!!
Our thoughts are with his family and Apple family also. RIP
My deepest Condolences to the Jobs Family.  I have through out the years as an Apple loyalist seen the vision he has done not only for the computer industry. But to humanity in general.  Even from the other side of the planet in the Southern Hemisphere. You will be missed.
Like Steve, I was born in 1955, this is one reason why I am touch so deeply by his passing, I hoped and wished so much that he would win the battle with his decease. Unlike Steve I did not move the world, he did that in a big big way, for all of us. Steve left this place much much to early, I am so very sorry. My thoughts are with Steve's Family and all the good people who are close to him. God bless his soul - He left us but he will always be with us. My 56th birthday is coming up this month of October - That day, more than ever I'll be thinking of Steve Jobs.
I have never met Steve but i have grown up with his technology. When i was six i had a mac in my house. When I was nine i got my first ipod, at eleven i had an ipod nano.Today i have a MacBook Pro. His inventions have changed technology in so many ways. He is a genius who deserves honor and respect for all the great things he has done in his life. No one has had such a large influence in our world. Steve Jobs is an incredible man who will be missed in my heart and in the hearts of everyone else in the world. To him i say thanks for showing everyone that anything is possible.
Hi,  I am send my condolences for Steve and his family and the company. You are all in my thoughts and prayers and our country has lost one of the most brilliant and innovative minds of our times. It is a great loss for America, his family and his company.
May you fly to heaven upon angels wings, into the embrace of the Lord  and find comfort and peace. amen.
my thoughts are with Apple and my prayers with your family. thank you for  ipods and iphones and my macbook.
Steve, thank you for opening up my eyes to a whole new world of  technology; you certainly made my life easier.  May you Rest in Peace.
I just gotta say this:   Thank you for your Innovation, Creativity, Entrepreneurship, and more.. Thank you for making my life easy! Thank you for making my gadgets pretty! Thank you for your always-working devices! Thank you for iWork and iLife, and of course MobleMe! Thank you for transforming contemporary technology! OMG Thank you for Find-My-iPhone! Thank you for thinking of us every time you were developing something new!... but most of all.... THANK YOU FOR THE IPHONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Thank you Steve Jobs for your contribution to modern society. ;-) RIP  With True Love, I wish your family all my love and sincere condolences. Thanks for all, Steve!   With Love,
Having never owned an Apple product until our recent iPad 2 purchase, my wife Valerie and I now realize and appreciate the genius that was Steve Jobs.   He has made our lives more fun.  God rest your soul and thank you for making our lives better.
We want to express our Condolences, thank you Steve Jobs for all that you've done for the world!
Although I am happy that Steve has found peace, it is a very sad day.  I have never owned a PC and never will. My husband and I bought our first Mac in about 1989 and have owned many since. I am currently typing this on an iMac that is about 5 years old and still going strong. I won't bore you with the actual count of Apple devices in our home.  I will miss his keynote speeches and know that the spirit of Apple will live on.  Steve, you made the world a much better place.
Steve Jobs to me is a modern day inventor. The most prolific inventor of our time, he didn't just bring new technology to our society, he defined a generation, our generation.  He provided us with a different standard of living, taking life's most complicated machines and making them the most user friendly devices known to man, while making them supreme in the world of technology. He will forever be known as the modern day Thomas Edison, An American Hero.  RIP
I had not know Mr.Jobs, but I'm in deep sorrow. I consider that he was and he still is a real hero, a real Superman. The legendary man who through the life's difficulties and challenges of fate were moving to his dreams and never gave up. Not many people can achieve as many as Steve did. Almost each person on the Earth from children to adult at some point owe to Steve. We would never know where we would be today without Apple or Pixar. At what progress level the whole humanity would be? Steve Jobs - the man whose name must be put at textbooks. Steve Jobs - MAN among men. Steve Jobs - The man whose name should never be forgotten.
Goodbye, master!
One of the most inspiring human beings I have ever seen. He works till the end. LOVE YOU
I cried today when I heard of Steve's death. I have been an Apple user since  1984 and have enjoyed watching all the changes and innovations over the years. Many of them under Steve's direction. Even though I expected to hear of his death in the near future... I was not prepared for it so soon. My condolences to his family and friends. I will finish with an old Irish Proverb.  "Death leaves a heartache no one can heal. Love leaves a memory no one can steal"  Rest in Peace Steve Jobs.
Just wanted to say how amazing of a person i thought he was. He was a huge influence in our lives and of all the lives to come. I wish i could say more that would really encompass how i feel about his passing. I noticed on facebook the hundreds of my friends who had posted sad status's related to him and i thought that instead of also posting something mournful i would celebrate his life so i said "Im sure heaven is decked out with YOUR stuff so everyone can continue to enjoy the amazing product you've given us"  totally meant it. words dont do him justice. just like the tingly feeling you get from watching an apple commercial...there is no word to convey the feelings of respect, admiration, and love.   May he rest in a delightfully happy and fulfilled peace.
To those he left behind.  Thank you and Steve for all you've done to make the medium user friendly and easy to tame.     It is truly a loss that he has been taken at such a young age.
Steve gave me the perfect platform to express my creativity as a graphic  design. For this, I am forever grateful.
I sit at my my MacBook Pro and write this note with great sadness tonight. But then I have to remind myself, Steve will never die. Steve lives on - and always will - in millions of lives worldwide, in every song we listen, in every site we browse, in every line we type, in every phone conversation we have, in most everything we do in the course of our days. Most everyone I know owns at least one Apple product. Ours is an eternal tribute to an untiring genius. We will remember you and be inspired by you, Steve. Always. Thank you for all you did for us. Rest in Peace.
Words cannot describe the contributions that you made to the entire universe! Thanks Steve. My condolences.
A true leader that brought the products to market that I and everyone else wanted. He brought the magic to Apple! I have never used products of any other kind that have been designed and constructed with such maticulous attention to detail. It takes a huge amount of passion to lead a company with the vision that he had. To say that Steve Jobs is a marketing genius is something the rest of the sore losers say. He truly loved his products, he truly believed in his products and so did I. I never knew Steve, but he knew me! A horrible day!
Dear Apple and the relatives of Steve Jobs, I am so sorry to hear of the loss of one of the greatest cultural heroes  we know of from the 20th century into the 21st century.   No one I feel  could ever replace him.  His vision of the future never failed.   His ability to bring back Apple from the brink was  nothing less than miraculous. I hope his spirit will live on in all that  you do, and give us a moment to reflect what technology would have been like had he not come back to Apple.    My  condolences to everyone there.    And remember, he fought for the best  quality product out there.  Don't ever forget that.
How incredible it is that I, a 66 yr old grandmother, can send by my phone an email to say how sad I am that the genius who envisioned this incredible device has died.
My son couldn't have said it better, like Mozart to music, Steve jobs is the Mozart of computers. A true visionary genius! You were taken too soon and will be missed by everyone around the world.
RIP Steve Jobs  You will always be remembered by me.  You are my idol and you inspired  me to do well in school.  I am 11 years old in 7th grade and you will  always be remembered by me
Steve Jobs will be remembered to most customers as the last innovator of today's technology. What he's done for our world will echo until the end of time.
I think we all felt like we knew Steve because everyone looked up to him  as an icon and genius. There is no CEO that inspired people both in and out  of the Tech world as he did. To all who knew him personally my best wishes. Thank you Steve, you truly changed the world.
Thanks for the contribution in technology you've done, thanks for the hard work and amazing gadgets you created with your amazing team you changed the live of many people! From this island in the Caribbean I'm sorry for the loss of such a great person and thankful for being part of the Apple Family!
Rip Steve Jobs U R Awesome
Steve changed my life and the lives of many hundred million people.  We'll miss you so much, Steve.  You made us dream a better world.
I write to you today, not only to express my dearest respect for  such an amazing human being, but to acknowledge that Steve Jobs does not  only represent a revolutionary in the computer world, nor is he an  inspiring entrepreneur. Steve Jobs has become a legend that pushes  humanity forward. He stands among the greatest mankind has to offer. Thank you Steve Jobs, You have been a fatherly figure to me ever since I  was a little boy. May you rest in peace.
From a device that you innovated .. You inspire  the world Steve.    Never forget you.
I sincerely wish Steve Jobs soul rest in peace. I hope he will reborn and rejoin Apple and continue the work he was doing.
Steve Jobs brought my generation of graphic artists into the digital world with products that addressed the needs of the industry with awe inspiring, sophisticated technology and panache.  In corporate environments that are ruled by PCs and MS Office the beauty and finesse of the Apple computers consistently won converts in the IT departments and made the lives of graphic designers uniquely satisfying.  Thank you Steve!
I will miss him and will honor him with seeking excellence and perfection in  my life.  He is Tenacity+Excellence.
Steve I know you didn't know my uncle, but you were at the helm when he started working for you guys, and that's enabled him to share the joy of your technology and innovation from his first hand experience working at such a terrific company.  Thanks a lot for giving your work to the people, and bringing such fresh ideas to all your projects.  We will all miss you. Rest in Peace.  Viva la Apple!
We will all remember the great Steve Jobs, a giant who provided inspiration,  innovation, invigoration and leadership.   From the joy of purchasing my first 128k Mac to my newest iPhone, Steve has  brought wonderment and amazement to myself and everyone.   We will miss you Steve.
Thanks, for making my life better, thanks.
Sorry for the loss of Steve. He seemed like an incredible man and he made such a huge impact to the world. my prayers go out to his family and friends.
I don't know where to begin and how to begin. Dear all - I am so sorry.  As I'm writing this mail, I have tears in my eyes. Tears for a man I  never got to know - but owe so much. I will make it short: thank you, Steve, for being such a big Genius.  Thank you so much for all you did, all you created. For your passion,  your dedication, your way to enrich people's lives with your brilliant  ideas. Wherever you are now, I hope you are happy... I am going to miss you,  Steve.  My thoughts are with Steve's family and friends. Words cannot express  this horrible loss. But I hope he's now Apple's Guardian Angel.
We had lost the most genious mind in the world. I am brazilian and I have been following the trajectory of Jobs since Apple started the biggest technology researches in cellphone and informatics in this decade. A persuasive man,  full of knowledge and faith in his words and job. Let God now take care of you. Rest in peace Steve Jobs and thank you about all those things that make people life's easier. Sincerely,
Dear Steve,  I'm in tears right now after learning of you untimely passing. Your  artistic flair and innovative genius inspired the world over. Your  products brought people together and pushed technology and design to a  new level. We are so lucky to have had you in our lives. It literally  feels as if a member of my family has passed away. I can't express my  profound sorrow in words; you were a giant among men and will live in  each of us forever. Godspeed, friend.
Steve Jobs was the founder of a company that would do more than he could believe. He was a visionary, a great leader, and an inspiration to his colleagues and family. He was always advancing, doing more and more, but knowing, or maybe not, that he had a sickness that wasn't immune to him or anyone else. The world remembers him today as who he was, but his legacy will not be forgotten. He did this from nothing, and didn't see his company as more important than that; wearing blue jeans and black shirts to presentations the world would see and believe. Whether the biggest Apple fan or just a person at home, everyone felt a little more sad today when we lost this great man.
Thank you for sharing your passion with the world! My heart felt condolences to his family and friends  Helen
Steve Jobs:Thank you for making my life more passionate! You'll be missed a lot! We've lost the most creative person and business man ever!! The whole world is grieving over you right now. Thank you for making the world a funnier and better place. Thank you for all the innovative products you created, and for making my life happier and easier! Everyone will miss you forever. Thankfully we are granted with Apple, your son and creation. It will always resemble your ideas, strength and success. My best memories and feelings to you and your family. Rest in Peace.
Thank you steve for opening my eyes to a wonderful new world   There will never be another quite Like you
May you rest in peace!      You've done an amazing job in your lifetime!
I find it difficult to explain why I am saddened by the loss of a man I did not know, but the fact is I am. See you in the afterlife Steve. Best wishes and strength to all remaining family.
Speechless. A visionary who changed the way we as humans interact and connect with one another. He will be deeply missed.
Dearest Apple,  Words cannot adequately express the sorrow I feel in losing Steve Jobs.  He was not only a visionary, he was a good person.  He brought hope and happiness through technology to everyone from babies &amp; toddlers to grandparents.  He gave everyone life and part of him will live within each of us.    Our thoughts and prayers are with his family and his apple family.  May he rest in peace.
My deep respect to a legendary brave DREAM implementor.  We will miss Jobs
THANK YOU Steve for the happiness you created to our life. May God Bless you. We'll always remember you.
*Mr. Steve Jobs,  Thank you, for sharing with the world your visionary and creative genius mind! May you rest in peace wherever you are right now! You certainly will be missed by all always!*
A true loss. Deepest sympathy for family, friends, colleagues and all of those who so much enjoy the gifts he gave us.
You were one of my few role models. I wish that one day I can be half the man that you were.
Thank you for your vision Steve and for your willingness to take risks regardless of what naysayers had to say. You inspire me and I will forever strive my best because you always did. You will be dearly missed. Thank you.
Although I know I'll be one of millions of people who are sending an   email 'Remembering Steve' or updating my Facebook or Twitter to RIP   Steve Jobs, I feel like writing this anyway just because I have had a   great experience with Apple products and really admire the work ethic   of this company created by such a tremendous visionary. A couple of   years ago I attended a business summer program called LEAD at Stanford   University for high school students. In this month we were given the   task to create a business idea or product that we would present in   front of different entrepreneurs and some employees from Apple at the   Apple headquarters in California. What we didn't know was that all 30   of us who participated in this program would win iPod Shuffles. We   also didn't know that the winning group would receive free MacBooks; a   gift from Apple, one of the program's sponsors. I certainly had no   idea that I would form part of this winning group, and would end up   receiving one of the gifts I'm most proud of winning: my MacBook from   which I'm typing right now, 3 and a half years after winning it and   still as new as the first day. When I presented my group's business   idea at the Apple headquarters, the employees told us that we would be   stepping on the same stage as the one Steve Jobs had stepped on when   making his presentations. This was amazing news to me; I felt honored.   I felt even more honored when we got the opportunity to eat lunch with   some of the employees at Apple and were able to have great   conversations with them about their jobs and how much they enjoyed   working at Apple. All I want to say is that even though I never met   him, I feel very happy that I was able to meet people that might have   met or might have been close to such a great visionary man in our   world. I felt extremely comfortable and welcome in the headquarters   and am always grateful for the gift they gave me. I will stick to   Apple not only because I love the products, but because I admire and   respect the people that work there and the one that started it all:   Steve Jobs. As many people say, "once you go Mac, you never go back!"   Very true fact. Thanks!
I am so sorry for the loss of Steve Jobs. He was an inspiration to me and I try very hard to emulate his work ethic and his understanding of the absurdity of Life. He will always be on my mind, and I want to thank Steve Jobs for enriching my life. Thank you from the bottom of my heart.
I just want to thanks Steve for his life that changed all ours.... Rest in peace.. you have done what you have to.. and you did it great!!!
Dear Steve,  	As you now take in your heavenly breath may your loving spirit be at peace with the Lord of Creation.  Thank you Steve Jobs, you have changed the world.  Thank you for your beautiful mind, your inspiration and your insight to build a better place for people to reach out, to begin to know one another in a personal way, bridging cultural, social, and economical difference.  You will always be remembered with the greatest of minds, removing the delineation of place... in communication, in harmony, and in lifestyle shrinking a world that seems so vast with a click of the mouse.
My condolences to his family.  He truly helped shape history. We will miss you. My hope is that your vision and inspiration continues to shine on us all.
In 1984, you forever changed my life. Profoundly grateful.  Sincere condolences
Dear Steve, thank you for bringing apple to us. you truly are a genius and i will remember you for that. Rest in peace.
I never got to meet Steve Jobs. I did anticipate it though. I am a twelve year old boy. A twelve year old boy who did not wait to start working on my contribution to the world. I am a member of the iOS and Mac developer programs because of Steve Jobs. It is because of him that I anticipate coming home from school to take courses online and learn even more. It is because of him that I am in the process of founding my own app development company. I own and have owned many of his products because of him. He inspired the world, he changed the world. And just as effectively, changed and effected me.
Steve's approach to life and his passion for simplicity is the basis for and foundation for the career and lifestyle I have now.  My sincerest condolences go out to his family and friends. It's amazing how a man I've never had the pleasure of meeting has such an impact on my everyday life. The world is a better place now because of him and unfortunately today, a sadder one.   I have no doubts that Apple's core will retain the foundation that Steve cultivated over the years.  A great man but an even greater legacy.  Peace and Love Steve.
You will truly be missed steve. The way you have given hope to me given the fact that you went through it all and coming out victorious is so sweet. Here in South Africa we can definatetly feel your absence. God be with you on this journey.
I really look up to Steve Jobs, I refuse to use the past tense because  he will forever be someone I idolize. Thank you so much for all you have  done for the world- I will sincerely miss your incredible mind.
The world never forget him.
Steve Jobs and Apple products literally changed my life, the way I think and  the way I Live . . . My father always said "Learn to record, "Learn to sing" and Apple let me! Gave me the ease and the ability to do so!  Such a Beautiful mind!
Even though I didn't know him and I'm just 14, I feel like I just lost a  close friend, seriously, he was my idol, I loved him, he was one of the  reasons I started to choose Apple instead of any other company, his way  of thinking, his sympathy when giving speeches, his simplicity and  humility, he was the best man I ever heard of. Rest In Peace Steve, my  idol, visionary and genius.
Something as simple as calling someone you love, or being able to see  your family and friends using the little camera in your Macbook, is  something that  Steve Jobs and Apple have made possible. Thank you Steve. All your stuff ROCKS!!!!!
Mr. Jobs was indeed an amazing figure, one who paved the way for the  harmonious relationship between man and machine, technology and art.  Best of luck to Apple in it's future, and my deepest condolences to all  of us affected by his passing.
My condolences on Steve's death.
Man I used to wish that I could be in Mr Jobs Position I'm 11 and am in 7th g rade my school loves apple and has many vintage macs and have a portrait of him on the wall I had wished of meeting Steve one day he was a inspiration and a great thoughtful person I loved him as well as many others I hope that apple will not die and will stay strong as it is now and make many new and improved products man I just wished I could have met him before he passed he will be missed as a person of thought, inspiration, and a big chunk of technology you will be missed Steve Rest In Pease
Dear steve Your soul will be always with us , inspiring us , telling us that life is a great and wide space for everyone to show innovation . Your life of glory tell us that everyone can make exception . You leave a great great heritage and a name written by gold . Im asking god to send you to heaven because people like you make difference in the world I will always when using my iphone remenbering that your ideas make my life and other lifes easier .
Steve jobs was Pure Inspiration for me, learned a lot from Mr. Jobs.
I was devastated to hear this news. This is such a big blow to the technology industry and manyyoungsters who look up to him as a role model. I pray for his soul to rest in peace and my deepest condolences to his family.
Thank you for taking us generations ahead in technology and user interface.  Rest in Peace.
We in Saudi Arabia are sorry to hear the news of the death of Steve Jobs. His name will remain etched on my iPhone, I will not forget Steve Jobs. Thanks Steve Jobs for their renaissance in the world of smart phones.
I remember my first Apple.  An Apple II+.  Then the Apple Iigs.  Then – wow – a Macintosh.  What a game changer.  I remember how different this little box was.  I loved Apple all through college.  Then law school.   Now I'm grown up.  Sort of.  I own a law firm.  And we use Apples.  Lawyers using Apples.  Really!  Steve Jobs was Apple.  And he was a visionary.  He was to computing what Van Gogh was to Art, or Shakespeare was to literature.  It's sad to lose a genius like Steve – but we are blessed to have lived in his shadow.
Dear Apple,  I was very sorry to hear the news today, we have lost a visionary creative. I have been using Apple computers since I was six years old and I could not imagine my education or career for that matter without them. I thank Mr. Jobs with all my heart and may he rest in universal peace.
Rest in peace. Thanks for all the innovation you made possible.
Even though I didn't know him and I'm just 14, I feel like I just lost a  close friend, seriously, he was my idol, I loved him, he was one of the  reasons I started to choose Apple instead of any other company, his way  of thinking, his sympathy when giving speeches, his simplicity and  humility, he was the best man I ever heard of. Rest In Peace Steve, my  idol, visionary and genius.
Steve was a smart and intelligent man.  Steve we appreciate you and thank you for bringing the best technology to the world.  To Steve's family, my prayers and thoughts are with you.
Im brazilian and I'm very sad about this, my condolences i will pray for him
While I was unable to have the privilege of meeting him his work was a reflection of him; brilliant and simple, and therefore I will miss him. His contributions to us will always be remembered, even past what he gave. Few people  reach the impact he had on people and cause of that there are many people who will miss him.
I'm sitting here struck by how upset I am over Steve's passing. Is it possible to cry over the loss of someone you've never met or even spoken to?  Well, I can barely see my screen. :(  Technology would not have become what it is today without him. I can't even find the words to express my gratitude for what Steve accomplished and gave to the world. I can't even find the words to express the intense emptiness and sorrow that I feel right now.  You will be missed, you will never be forgotten.  Farewell Steve and we thank you.
Thank you so much.  You changed our world.  You changed our communication.  You changed our life.  You changed our dream.  You changed our common sense.
Steve Jobs,  thank you.  -The World
the apple products, there design, the history behind all of them make me thought about changing my career from TV making to industrial design. today I was In the university for a "first talk" about the course of industrial design when I found out about steve´s decease.... I took it as a signal.  thanks for everything steve.
It was 1993 when I attended the Academy of Art University in San   Francisco using one of the first non linear machines operating on   Macintosh computers.  I began my love affair with Apple back then and   have been using their machines ever since.  I got a chance to bump   into Steve by accident in Palo Alto about 6 months ago and feel   privileged to have met the man who changed my personal and career   life.  Every time I use my Mac I will always feel a little bit of   Steve's presence encouraging me to dream and achieve. My condolences   to his friends and family. God bless you Steve. You will always be   with us.
Steve,  Thank you for sharing your  genius with the world. The world is forever  in your debt. Rest In Peace.
Wishing Steve's family my most sincere condolences.  He was a wonderful and i nspiring man - the world will miss his ability to Invent and inspire!  R.I.P .
For those of us in the technology industry, we will be forever changed my his innovation, drive, and creativity.  And for those of use who had a chance to meet him, however briefly, we can remember a truly unique individual.  You will be missed Steve....
I'm a graphic designer of the same generation as Chip Kidd--in commercial  art school, we were the last to learn how to do pasteups, use a stat  camera, and master mysterious tools like ruling pens and phototypositors.  We were also the first to have the benefit of the amazing Macintosh (the  Classic, maybe. My first was a IIcx) which instead of being a scary,  impersonal machine, was a friendly face that told us everything would be  all right, that we could learn and create and dream.   Thank you, Steve Jobs, for being the best kind of designer and human being.  And thank you Apple, for continuing in his legacy.
Thank you Steve for your work all these years. You changed our lives! We never forget you. Rip
Dear friends,     We lost a brilliant mind!!!   R.I.P. my friend
STEVE JOBS VISIONARY GENIUS WILL LIVE ON FOREVER.  WITH A NEW VISION AND AMAZING CREATIVITY HE CREATED SOME OF THE MOST BEAUTIFUL AND INNOVATIVE DEVICES.  HE INSPIRED THE WORLD TO THINK BIGGER, BRIGHTER AND MORE INTELLIGENTLY.  HIS CURIOSITY NEVER WAVERED AND THAT IS AN INSPIRATION FOR ALL OF US TO LIVE UP TO.  THANK YOU STEVE JOBS FOR YOUR UNWAVERING CONTRIBUTION.
You were never about yourself. But you were the best inventor of the age  and you truly revolutionized the world of technology. You will be  missed!
This is so sad and tragic. Steve was too young to go out like this. My  condolences to his family and friends. I'm at a loss for words right now...
I offer my sincere condolences to Steve Jobs' family. May he rest in peace.
Steve, as I sit here writing from my Mac I cannot thank you enough for everything you have changed in my life. I remember the day my parents bought me my first Apple IIe in 1986. Since that day I have loved everything created from Apple. I was there the day you came back in Boston for Macworld. That was the start of when Apple came back. What you and your team created since that day is beyond amazing. I want to offer my deepest symphony to your family for their loss. You changed the world and it will never be the same with out you.
Today we have all lost someone important. I believe Steve Jobs made this world a better place. He's advanced the world of technology in countless ways. I had truly hoped to one day meet him and be inspired on a personal level beyond the masses. He touched so many, I can't help but feel he was taken from this world far too early. It's crazy to think that with everything he's accomplished he could have accomplished so much more.
I have never been so sad. Even though my grandpa and my grandma have died at a very young age and  my father has had a heart attack and a lot of different life threatening  illnesses in a very young age, I have never thought about a person as  much as i do right now about steve jobs. he invented all the stuff i am  using everyday. he is the perfect legend for the 21rst century and  should be honored perfectly.   best regards to steve jobs' family.
Merci pour tout Steve. I have never felt that sad for someone I did not know  before. You invented perfect products that truely revolutionised our lifestyles. I will give my organs when it will be my turn.
Rest In Peace Steve Jobs. You put up one hell of a fight and in the end you became more admired and popular than those who passed off your ideas and concepts as their own. You are one of the greatest success and comeback stories that will ever be told. An Apple was the first computer I ever touched in the early 80's, I own about a dozen Apple electronic devices and they all work great.
Sending prayers up for the family and friends of Mr. Jobs.  The Lord  will be your comfort and heal your hurts.
You will surely be missed. Your vision and imagination inspired me and a lot of others. You will always be the father of innovation to me.
Lamento muy profundamente la perdida de un ser excepcional que es el vivo reflejo de un luchador que supo doblar la mano al destino. Esto es solo un hasta pronto que descanse en paz.
Thank you very much Steve, you have changed our lives.... You were one  of the most brilliant minds here on earth, and you make us feel very  proud Apple consumers, you were just amazingly visionary and right in  everything you did.... Rest in Peace.
I am heart broken... the world just got a little less bright.  As someone how runs his own business and does something he loves I felt a kinship with Steve even though we never met.  He hatched the most amazing plans and often against all odds... he would get away with it.  Somewhere in the back of my mind I thought he would somehow beat the odds when it came to his battle with cancer.  My wife and I just found out we are going to be parents and in what seem to be less hopeful times in the country (I am currently listening to the protests in lower Manhattan out my office window) and knowing that good ideas matter... that gives me hope for our child.  I would have loved to thank Steve for proving that to be true.  More than for the objects that, sure, lead to me enjoying my time more and helped me get more done with it... I would have liked to thank him for giving me that hope.   To whoever is reading these emails at Apple... its possible.  Please share this sentiment with those close to Steve.  I am just a customer... but he was so much more than a supplier.  Thank you Steve...
You've had such a massive impact on the world... And it has helped set a path for more goodness in the future to come.
I cannot even begin to explain the loss of words i have. I have never  had the honor of meeting Mr. Jobs however, I must say that he is someone  i looked up to. I hope his memory lives on through Apple. I am dearly  sorry for this so sad and unfortunate loss. My prayers go out to his  family.
I am incredibly sorry for your loss. My condolences go out to  Steve Jobs' family. Apple has literally changed my life. I have never  been so inspired by anything else before in my life. Although I had  never met Steve Jobs personally, I was devastated once the news had  popped up on my television screen. It felt like I had lost a close  friend. I wish nothing but the best for his family and friends.
We will never forget you Steve, go in peace.
People who created something new, who gave to people something that makes their life easier, who gave their life and soul for the benefits of many others are called Great people. Steve as an engineer and manager was, moreover, he is and he will be one of them.  We can say only "Thank you Steve for what you did for all of us". Our memories and acknowledgement to you will be kept in our hearts.  My condolences to Steve's family.
How can brilliance be so down-to-earth yet so celestial? I personally do  not know but it solved itself in Steve Jobs.
The world has lost a great mind. Rest in Peace Mr. Jobs.
Steve Jobs, we will always miss you and we will remain grateful to all you have done to our Humanity!   All my condolences to you family and relatives!
Though I'd expected it to happen "some day" Steve Jobs' death still shocks and saddens me.  Since I got my first Apple computer back in 1977, Steve and Apple have been a major part of my life.  For the decade of the 80's I wrote some of the earliest computer games on Apple II computers, and 30 years later am deploying Apple computers for schools and community centers.  The world will be a lesser place without Steve Jobs.
Thank You!   P.S World is crying today, and it won't be easy to console it!
Truly crushed by this news, may his family and closest friends rest easy in the comfort that his pain is over.  I have preached the evangelical of the Mac for decades -- your creations remain part of my everyday life, we have shared common beliefs, ideologies, and hopes for the future -- may your soulful energy transcend beyond here, finding peace forevermore.
Steve Jobs was my contemporary.  I'm a few years younger but found my career and love of technology by learning to program on the Apple IIe my father bought for me in the early 80's.   To me, Steve Jobs is synonymous with the era of technology in which I grew up and that which so rapidly advanced the world as we know it today.  I had the pleasure of meeting Mr. Jobs on several occasions over the years -- most memorably when he introduced his Next computer in Cambridge at a Lotus Developers conference and at several of the annual Siggraph conferences where he introduced Pixar, Renderman and John Lasseter.  It saddens me to hear of his untimely passing.  I wish to express my sincere condolences to his family and hope they find happiness again soon.  Rest in peace Mr. Jobs. And thank you.
Our thoughts are with the family Steve left behind...Please know that  Steve was an inspiration to many and will be missed!
Steve Jobs:  We will never forget your courage and innovation to the world. We love your legacy.
RIP Mr Jobs...the world lost a little bit of magic with you gone from it.
Although this may sound the same again: you have truly changed our lives. Thank you for being an incredible human being, role model, visionare and of course, a fighter. Every time I felt hopeless regarding any aspect of my life, I watched you speech in Stanford. That was absolutely brilliant. I was adopted too and what you said touched me deeply. I was amazed by your words and your attitude regarding difficulties and connecting the dots from things in the past.  Thank you once more, RIP and my prayers to your family.
The world has lost a person who taught us to be passionate about what we do. I'll see you later Steve.
I would like to add my condolences to Steve Job's Family and friends during this time. Mr. Jobs was one of the greatest innovator, inventor and genius of our time. His visions and products in technolgy have made our lives better. He is a true pioneer and revolutionary figure in our generation. Thank You Steve Jobs. You will be missed!
Some of the best years of my career were spent with IS&amp;T, and the NCC team. I am so grateful to have been part of a company that was founded and ultimately led by such a dreamer and visionary as Steve. Thank you to Steve, and to everyone else that continues to drive the "Think Different" vision with creativity. Remember him, stay strong, and honor him by always moving forward with fresh innovation.
Bye Steve,  As Billy Joel Said "Only the good die young" because in a very few years you gave us so many teachings through your technolgies and so many people lea rnt a life style, you were a model.  Bye Steve.
Wow,  What an amazing man!!   The world has just lost a creative genius and a true inspiration.  We will all miss Steve Jobs.
Thank you for all that you brought to us.  The value of all that you have done for us as humans is immeasurable.  I hope you are in heaven dancing with the angels.
I am truly saddened to hear that the world has lost the genius that is   Steve Jobs. Who else could have created and led such a great company   which has changed the way we live our lives and made it at times even   magical!  My condolences to his family, friends and everyone at Apple.  "The people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world,   are the ones who do"  Thank you Steve for daring to be one of the crazy ones.
I just wanted to thank you Steve Jobs and Apple for the awesome work you always do. I bought my firts MacBook Pro one year ago and I can say that it's the best thing I could ever buy.    Apple and the entire world lost an important man today. RIP to Steve Jobs and thank you to all the awesome things and ideas he had.
Our deepest sympathies to the family, friends and colleagues of Mr. Jobs.  He truly is an inspiration to all of us. He was a true inventor that changed the way the world communicates.  His name is forever etched in the history of this world.
The world has lost a creative genius, anyone who has ever used Apple software can realise the utter sensitivity and embrace of technology and possibilities. Steve believed in something, his influences will be seen everywhere for the rest of our lives, he will be a part of it. Without him, a great deal of amazing art would never have been made. RIP x
Steve Jobs is the definition of innovation. Thank you so much.
You have been an inspiration in my life. Stay hungry. Stay foolish RIP Steve Jobs
An amazing man with incredible vision! Steve will surely be missed, a great loss to all.    "Many go fishing all their lives without knowing that it is not fish they are after."
You changed the world, we will love and remember you forever.  Rest in peace.
iSad, iCry, iRemember.    Rest in Peace. iCould.
So sad.  Please except my most sincere condolences in the passing of Steve Jobs. The world has lost a precious and oh so valuable human being. He has changed us all forever for the better.
RIP Steve Jobs. You left your mark on our desks, on our ears &amp; in our hands. Thank you for your huge contribution to technology. You made people's lives much easier in connecting to their loved ones, and i'm one of them. You'll always be remembered not for your products, but for what youve done.
Thank you for your incredible vision, grace and courage. My thoughts are with the Jobs family.
Goodbye Steve, You defined a generation of free-thinkers, creative geniuses, and computer scientists. You forced your competitors to scramble and catch up to your genius. Your vision for all technology helped create the greatest products we use today. I will always stay hungry and foolish. Thank you.
One of my heros died today. Thank you Steve for changing my world in so many unbelievable and wonderful ways! The world lost so much today. Rest in Peace.
To the Family of Steve: No one can say we understand, unless we personally knew or loved him, but I can say I do know what it is to lose those I love. Trust me, with time the pain will give way to happy memories. God bless you all.  Thank you Steve: For all that you have done to make life easier, more profitable and more FUN! Let us put it this way "I am a MAC."  Thank you Apple employees: Thank you for your part in making a splendid product. Good job.
You laid the foundation to advance us as a civilization- both from a   technology perspective and a human perspective.
Dear Steve  Thank you for sharing your brilliance and innovation with the world. Your creations have helped so many and took away any intimidation people felt towards using a pc. It's amazing to see my child hop on my iPhone and figure out how to work it before I could. And he was only 6 at the time. May god bless you in heaven.  You will be missed by those who knew and love you and by a world which you made so much better.
His courage to relentlessly pursue his vision has changed all of our lives.
Thank You for everything Steve! Go revolutionize heaven the same way  you've revolutionized our world! :)
You left too early Steve.  Our prayers are with your family for their great loss!!!
I'm feeling down when hearing this bad news ;( Rest in peace, and you are always my hero. Always.
Steve, Brazil loves you.
Everything you've done had been covered by other brand... You were a great mind , Apple will miss you
I grieve yet I feel blessed having experienced life with Steve Jobs in it.
What a huge loss for the world.
There's a lot more in my  world thanks to him.
I would like to leave my deepest condolences and prayers go to Steve' s family at this extremely sad time. I know from loosing a family member recently what they are going through.   His legacy will live on with all that he has done and for what he did and what Apple has become.  I would like to thank him for all he has done as I have been a mac user from the original iMac days and wouldn't use anything else.
I just waited to tell his family how sorry I am for the lost of such a talented man. May God bless his family and friends as you go through this very difficult time. He most certainly left his mark on the world.
So sad.  Please except my most sincere condolences in the passing of Steve Jobs. The world has lost a precious and oh so valuable human being. He has changed us all forever for the better.
Thank you for your life well lived. You was able to transform materials into masterpieces of design that help people to be more human. God bless your soul and give you your rewards in heaven. Thanks.
To Apple Inc.      Deepest Condolences to the Job's family and to those who lost a friend, leader and a mentor.  Mr.Job's, your place cannot be refilled... Rest in peace..                                     May God Bless his Soul. An Apple fan forever...
I did not have the chance of meeting you Steve, however you are in my home and everyday's life, that's how you did impact our world. You are an amazing human being. Now I am sure that heaven will be not just a better place but a cool place to be in. See you there.
Dear Steve,  I am very sad the world has lost a talented artist. I am very proud to own a few pieces of your artwork. May you rest in peace.
I'd like to express my deepest regret that Steve has passed away. My  thoughts and prayers go out to his family, friends, and coworkers. He  will be deeply missed.  Thank you Steve for all of the wonderful visions, ideas, and products  you have shared with us all. You changed the world and inspired many. RIP  Chuck
I'm the  artsy type. When I landed my first job after having stepped   out of the job market to have a baby, desktop computers were just   coming into the work place. I lied in the interview when I said I   could use a computer. Luckily, it was a Mac shop, and by working some   overtime, I was able to fake my way enough around the computer using   my intuition. In no time at all, I could show my boss I had the   skills required for the job. And I did. The important skills were my   critical thinking and artistic abilities. Using a computer was just a   tool. Thanks to the folks at Apple, it was easy to get the technology   out of the way.  Jobs got that.  He also showed that product excellence and thinking of your customer   is first. Your bottom line will follow.
Rest in peace, Steve Jobs. We're really proud of your innovations.
I think Steve Jobs is the true hero after Thomas Edison. We love him forever.
I have no words to express my deep sorrow on the passing of Steve. He has always been an inspiration to me. He was bigger than life and represented what Silicon Valley is all about. I never had the opportunity of meeting or seeing him in person, but have always admired him. He was, and still is my idol. I will miss him. God bless him and his beautiful family.
Although I was late to the Computer world. I first dipped my toes into the Apple pool in 1997. I have been a dedicated user and follower ever since. Apple products have changed the way I have lived my life and continue to affect my children and friends.  Today I was very sad to have learned of Steve's passing. He has affected us all whether you choose to acknowledge that or not. A modern day Icon his memory will live on and inspire us all. He will be truly missed. To think that a lot of listen to music and communicate in a way we might never have without him. Amazing! My thoughts are with his family and friends and this very sad time.
It was always a pleasure to work in my first job at Apple In Chile 15 years ago. At that time Mac made a revolution against Windows and all other machines pc compatible. Jobs was and will be a genius, who invented today, dreams of tomorrow. Jobs was a genius like Davinci at this modern world.
I find myself extremely sad because I have always admired Steve Jobs. He was  a landmark in its time and revolutionized the way we communicate, and if not this terrible disease I think his mind, aided by his team, would still be putting us in a world more practical, interactive, fun and happy. What remains to do is to thank the man, who in one way or another is present in our day to day and will always be part of world history. Thanks Steve Jobs.
It came as a very sad news. Steve Jobs has given so much to this world. He represented Apple and made Apple products an awesome adventure to have. We will miss your vision. Thanks for giving us these exceptional products which everyone loves.
Mr Steve Jobs,  Thanks for creating the perfect hardware that runs even more perfect creative software that has allowed me to rise out of poverty and earn triple the salary of both my parents combined. For the wonderful life you have empowered me with I will continue to pay it forward in all I do everyday in your memory. We may have lost you on earth but heaven just got a lot more cooler.  Rest  in Peace.
I am just sending my condolences, as Steve Jobs was an icon in my eyes,  without his amazing impact in creating perfection in computers i would  have never gained such an interest in to film and tv. With out him  creating such a revolutionary devices the world would not be the same...  He will be missed all over the world, and i know that writing this will  not change anything, but i think that it is my generation that has to  keep his spirit alive.
There will never be another Steve.  Ever.  RIP
Dear Mr. Steve:                You are the greatest man I never knew, you pushed the science and technology to an amazing state,              thank you and wish you have a wonderful life in Heaven.
thank you Steve for empowering millions of people with the tools they need to make their dreams a reality
I am 25 years old. I feel like a person in the 60's with Marilyn Monroe or John F. Kennedy. They are people you never met felt so close too. Seeing apple produce and revolutionize the technology industry and seeing steve jobs lead it all you almost have a connection with him. For 6 years I have been watching the keynote presentations with steve on stage. It is so sad that inspirers will not seeing him on stage anymore and be apart of apple. He will be truly missed.   But what a legacy he leaves behind. What a legacy.
When the notification popped up on my iPhone, I paused for a second in disbelief. A dark cloud immediately came over me, and I thought to myself why I would feel so deeply saddened for someone I didn't even know. I looked around at my iPad laying on the couch, my briefcase with my MacBook in it, the Apple TV my daughter was practicing her cheerleading on and the iPhone which has changed the way I communicate. I realized that even though I had never had the privilege to meet Steve, he was so intertwined with my life that he had become part of my life. It is a very sad day and my prayers will be with Steve and his family.
You have always been my idol.
I was strictly a PC guy five short years ago, but because of Steve Jobs' tireless efforts, innovative vision, and commitment to bringing the best technology to the forefront, he converted me to the Apple ranks. Hoping his legacy lives on and on.
I lost a Hero.
The world is a poorer a place today with your passing. Your vision,  imagination and innovation will forever be remembered.
Dear All,  The news on Steve's death was the most shocking and saddening despite  his known desease...  He is one of those rare people, whose loss will affect millions of those  who didn't even know him personally. I hope his soul will rest in peace  and God will reward him many folds for the huge positive and fruitful  change he's been introducing to mankind and the world for the years he'd  been hosted on the Earth.  My deepest condolences to his family, friends and colleagues. I can't  imagine the depth of their pain, if I, who never even met or knew Steve  personally feel such a pain.  Please accept this note as a tiny support in such a hard time.
Steve Jobs, we are forever indebted to you for sharing your brilliance, for following your dreams, for inspiring us to endless possibilities. What a tragic loss, but a life well lived. You have forever left your mark of genius for us to share with others and we are grateful. Rest in peace and may God bless your family.
Steve, thank you so much for giving me all the tools and toys I have at my disposal to help enhance my life, help me bring joy and wonder to my family friends and love one, and most of all showing me that once you have done something great do it better again and again.
RIP Steve you are my inspiration. Your apple products are very cool!! How long does it take to find someone so clever like you? RIP
I offer my condolence to the Jobs family. Small in stature,titan in technology, visionary beyond his years.
Thank you for your simplicity  Thank you for your creativity  Thank you for your ideas  Thank you for your passion  Thank you for wanting better. I did not know you but everyday I live my life better because of you. How could one person impact so many people he does not know?  Only a person with a love for every beautiful detail of life could do  that. Only a person who understands the best parts of humanity could help so  many to enjoy life  And change the world so completely through his vision  Thank you Steve Jobs
I don't know what to say! I feel like i lost a friend, yet ive never met this genius. Rest in Peace Steve, and thanks for overcoming all the challenges in your life to create such a wonderful company with so many innovative products, that have changed the lives of so many.
Our deepest condolence. May his soul rest in peace. He vision will live forever.
Thank you for all you've done to bring the technological world to what  it is today. You will be sincerely missed. RIP.
Hello, I am 17 years old and I am from Argentina. I have never bought an apple product.  Last year I was at school and a teacher showed us a video from Steve Jobs' speech at Stanford University. It was so inspiring, he inspired millions of people. Apart from being a genius, because he was that kind of genius that can only exist in Hollywood movies, he was such an honest and simple person.  While I remember him I do not remember the creator Apple, I can only remember this man who, with a speech, made everyone feel moved. I did, everybody in my class were moved. Now I can not stop tearing while I think about his family. This family who lost a husband, a father, a great man. So now I feel really sorry, but not for this amazing creator, but for this amazing man.
I never had the pleasure of meeting Mr. Jobs, and I'm not sure I know anyone who has. Nevertheless, I sit here on this Wednesday evening in New York City, crying at the loss of a man who changed the way we live, and inspired generations. I lost my mother at the age of 59 to cancer, in 2004 - the pain of losing great people is immeasurable. Many visionaries and leaders have walked the earth, but few have had the impact Mr. Jobs has. We are all better for his work.  My deepest condolences.
We are so sad to hear that Steve Jobs has left us. He was a genius and will be missed.
Dear Steve,  Thank you for all that you brought into this world, you not only changed  the way we use our computers, but the way we see life. I will stay hungry and foolish for as long as I live, and someday we'll  meet up there. Thank you for being in our lives. You will always be remembered and loved.
I am so encouraged with Steve Jobs working principles. He left a great  legacy of wonderful products for us to enjoy.
Steve,    I did not personally know you and it’s hard to believe the impact you’ve had on my life. You’ve shown the world what creation and innovation truly is and leave behind you a legacy, that is proof of that. You’ve made simplicity, beautiful.    I will miss you
Today I lost one of my heroes.  Steve Jobs was such an inspirational leader and visionary that left an amazing positive impact on this world.
"Mourir digne de vous, voilà mon héritage."  Merci pour avoir enchanté un peu ce monde parfois si désenchanté !  In memoriam
Your work inspired me &amp; so many others. Thank you.   "Stay hungry. Stay foolish." RIP Steve.
Tuning in to Apple product launches has become a regular activity for me in recent years.I would look forwardto them like a kid on Christmas morning. Even though I may not have been able to purchase the item on the day it was released or even shortly thereafter - I could dream.     My family and I are the proud owners of IPads, the ITouch and multiple IPods. I have a 4 year old who proudly knows how to use his daddy's IPad and our next laptop will be a Mac.None of this would have occurred without the leadership and vision of Steve Jobs! Thanks Steve and thanks to your family for sharing you with us all these years.
Hi Apple, I was so upset to hear that Steve Jobs had passed away! Steve has touched me through his ideas and his genius mind, you would not have to meet him in person to realise that he is a great human being just from watching him on Keynote videos you could tell how much he had to other the world and the apple organisation. I fill privileged to have been in the generation when the iPod and iPhone have been released, pushing the technology industry to its next level. Rest In Peace Steve Jobs 1955-2011 - Tom
Dear Apple,  	I am a visually impaired student who has found a liking to Apple products after I have discovered the wonders of VoiceOver. I am typing this message on my Apple iPad with VoiceOver and would like to thank Steve Jobs, for whom I wouldn't have this easy computer experience. 	The past year I have done many presentations to school division boards and services of how blind and visually impaired individuals can benefit from using the Apple iPad. Shortly after these presentations, I have tutored many people of how to use their newly purchased iPad with VoiceOver and Zoom, and have actually got the Manitoba Education Department purchasing and distributing iPads to blind and visually impaired students within the province. 	I do not know Steve Jobs personally, but feel close to him as his products won me over with the most advanced accessibility features out there.
Thanks to your efforts, talent, and genius, you left the world a better place than where you found it. God bless and rest in peace.
I wish if I had the chance to meet such a great person as steve ,  everything he did at Apple will be forever in our hearts .. May he rest  in peace and may Apple continue to grow ...
Steve, You change the world with your mindset. Thanks for your inspiration.
don't really notice how much steve has had an effect on all of us until  you stop to think about it. until you unlock your iPhone or open your  macbook or boot up your iMac. i don't just use apple products because  they work so well or are flawless in design, i use apple products  because steve got it.
I am the same age as Mr. Jobs and as a painter who also trained in  calligraphy with another Reed alumnus, I tell you that I feel a  connection with him and understand his drive to make the personal  computer something beautiful. I can also say that without his computers,  I would have almost no interest in them nor would I ever have seen them  as creative tools. In short, his machines have changed my life for the  better and my work on them has contributed, I hope, a little to the  world. My condolences to his family, and his larger one at Apple, and  express my faith that we will see another person of such creative spirit   in my lifetime.
I can't believe you're gone. You always will be in my heart.
One of the most inspiring human being I have ever seen. He works till the end. LOVE YOU
Steve, God needs you, I'm sure. Thanks for all.
To Steve Jobs Family and his family at Apple...deepest sympathies to each of  you...a true visionary of our century has been lost, but with his hard work  and dedication he will NEVER be forgotten!  Rest Peacefully Steve!
I was weaned on the "Lisa" in the 80's, grew up with the Mac in the 90's and have since been spoiled with the "i"'s - pod, pad, phone and book.   Steve Jobs made work easy, computers fun and technology intuitive.    We are all sad today, but grateful for what he was able to do in his short time here.  My condolences to his family.
Steve jobs was a person I admired I constantly watch his forever amazing and  iconic keynotes announcing the greatest products ever made. His commencement speech at Stanford it's something that reminds how life works and the key to succeed. Steve founded my most favorite animation film studios Pixar there  isn't a single thing I don't like about Pixar and there is nothing I enjoyed more than watching their instant classic movies that will be with us forev er. He is truly the Da Vinci of our time and in my opinion there isn't going to be someone like him in a very very long time because the greatest minds don't  come so often and I think everyone agrees that Steve changed the world; he changed the way we think of computers, mobile devices and music. I always thought of him as the greatest speaker of all time and I would like to hear him  again in an apple event. He will always be my inspiration and his words will be in my way of thinking  my entire life. My regards to is family, close friends and at Apple and I hope you follow his thoughts of perfection to make more great products that the whole world is  eager to see.  Thank You for your inspiration and Thank You for everything you've accomplished.
Steve has touched the lives of so many.  He will truly be missed.  He  revolutionized the world for us all.  The world will never be the same,  and it is a detriment for all of us to have lost him so early.
We miss u Steve alot...the lovely ipods&amp; Iphones&amp;ipads we have, u built it for us...thanks a lot Sir Steve Jobs...May your soul rest in peace...u will be in our hearts forever...!
So grateful Steve Jobs was in my lifetime.  Hard to imagine that someone could make technological companions (more than just tools) that are equally loved by me (very non tech) and my husband (very high tech).  Gave us so much.  Sending this note to acknowledge his impact and send condolences to his family.
Hello, I'm from brazil and I'm sorry if there is anything wrong in this text, I just wanted to make my tribute to Mr. Jobs. I can say he chaged my life, 'cause I have an iPod (something very usefull for me and makes me happy). I really don't know that to say, there must be lots of e-mails more beautiful than this one, but I would like to thank him and Apple for everything.
My first touch in a computer was inan Apple Computer.Thanks Mr Jobs.Rest in Peace
Steve Jobs:  THE MAN WHO CHANGED THE DIGITAL MEDIA WORLD AS WE KNOW IT...... Thank you &amp; God bless the Jobs family.
Steve, Thank you for opening my eyes to technology in a completely different way. Your products have opened so many minds and influenced so many people in such a positive way. Rest in Peace Steve.
Thanks for everything, Thanks for evolution, Rest in peace
We will keep you in our hearts and god bless you, we have lost a great man on earth but today the almighty God has gained a great soul.
To those those who knew Steve, and his family, you have my deepest sympathy. Steve Jobs wasn't just some 'Big Wig' of a company, he had visions, dreams, aspirations and goals. He achieved them, he stuck with his gut when he was young and it brought him to be the fore-front of a large industry. He was an inspiration to many people who sought to make something of themselves, I know I did. Steve created a revolutionary world for music when iTunes and the iPod came into light and forever changed how we saw music and videos. When the youth of today thinks of music, ninety percent of them have iPod on their mind. He created something that will last many lifetimes to come. Steve left behind shoes that no one can fill, but I'm sure someone will do well. Again, I'm sorry for the loss of a great man, and to Steve, wherever you may be... Thanks so much for the entertainment that I got from your company.
I am pretty sure, Steve brought along an Iphone 4S on his journey home!  May he be blessed!
While you never touched my life personally...your products did.  I can only hope I can achieve some of the innovation and inspiration that you have provided to others.  May you rest in peace.
Thank you for changing my life. I will never forget the moment I opened my first iPod and Mac. Those products that you've created keep changing my life. I will never forget your inspirational speech in Stanford that demonstrated to the world your brave spirit,  authenticity and innovative mind that will always inspire us to go forward.
We are so saddened that no one, not even a visionary and earth mover   like Steve Jobs could out run this beast of a disease.  He was an   inspiration and we are so sorry for the world's loss.
Steve, you certainly made a dent in the universe.
As I prepare for an interview that, up until today, seemed like the most daunting task in my life, I reflect on the words of Steve Jobs during his keynote commencement in 2005.   "Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma — which is living with the results of other people's thinking. Don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become. Everything else is secondary."  Thank you Steve...
To the Apple Group:     The world suffers from a lack of true visionaries. And today one less walks amongst us. Thank you, Steve Jobs.
Steve was the most remarkable soul I've ever seen in my life. He was stubborn, never settled for less, visionary, and brilliant.   When I bought my first Mac, an iBook G4 in 2003, I was captivated not only by this machine's brilliance, but later, by the man who was the driving force behind it. I was an Apple faithful ever since. I love the products, the atmosphere, the soul, and it was all thanks to Steve's amazing imagination and perseverance. Steve Jobs is Apple, and vice versa.   My heart breaks for his wife and children, and all his loved ones, my deepest sympathies and comfort goes out to them. It is always tragic when someone still young and in their prime is taken away so suddenly. Perhaps it is even more heartbreaking when it is someone as original and wonderful as Steve. He fought hard all his life, for his company and his life. Such a soul is never forgotten, and it is to Apple's benefit and best interests to never do so.   We must remember Steve, for the brilliant Renaissance Man he is, and the bright, beautiful soul he was.   We love you, Steve. Long live your memories and long live the company you created. May your bright spirit forever remind us that the "journey is the reward."
Dear Apple, I am sending this e-mail from one of Steve Job's products, a MacBook. Steve Jobs was a very amazing man and it was a great thing for him to be CEO of Apple. I send this e-mail for the condolences of the Jobs family, my heart is with you through this event.
I want to start with sending my condolences to Steve's family and friends in this difficult time.  I've been working for Apple for almost 4 years now and it has been one of the most enriching and most rewarding carrers I've ever pursued. Working for a company that I love and stand behind, like no other. Even before I started working for Apple Retail, I admired the way Steve grew and developed this company and his ability to present and excite the world with some of the best innovations Apple has ever created. Getting hired by Apple was a dream come true. I am proud to be able to say:  "I work for Steve Jobs," one of the most inspiring leaders, mentors and innovators of our time. He built a company that respects and values its employees and customers in a way I've never seen any other company do. We are reminded of him every day by using the way he taught us to do business.
Steve Jobs was an American legend and really gave us something to be proud of.
He was "Technology"!.......and.........Technology will never be the same!   Steve, you will be deeply missed
Steve jobs created the twenty first century, I am devastated of his loss, I remember when I got my first Ipod I was in 5th grade and it was the coolest thing that had ever happened to me, he not only created a technology epidemic but a musical one as well, his technology has spread to parts unknown, and in result the world has came closer together. Steve was The Leonardo Davinci of our time, and for that we thank you Steve and my you rest in peace.
I wanted to send my thoughts and prayers to Steve Jobs' family and friends and his family &amp; friends at Apple. The news of his death is deeply sad.  I first got my taste of Apple products with an iPhone... It then caused me to get all products of Apple.  May he rest in peace.
I just gotta say this:   Thank you for your Innovation, Creativity, Entrepreneurship, and more.. Thank you for making my life easy! Thank you for making my gadgets pretty! Thank you for your always-working devices! Thank you for iWork and iLife, and of course MobleMe! Thank you for transforming contemporary technology! OMG Thank you for Find-My-iPhone! Thank you for thinking of us every time you were developing something new!... but most of all.... THANK YOU FOR THE IPHONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Thank you Steve Jobs for your contribution to modern society. ;-) RIP  With True Love, I wish your family all my love and sincere condolences. Thanks for all, Steve!
There are those who comes to this world to justify why mankind should  have faith in himself. Jobs was one of those. To the Pirate King!!!
Love you forever.
With the passing of Steve Jobs, The world has lost not just a   visionary, but a true humanitarian.  Steve Jobs inspired people as a   developer and creator of hardware and software, to develop their own   products and businesses. Through products like HyperCard, AppleWorks,   Quicktime, and other products, he allowed users to become inventors.   Through his Disability Solution Staff Project, he gave Disabled   individuals a great opportunity to be equal via technology and made the world a better   place for everyone.   My thoughts and prayers are with the Jobs Family as we all mourn the   loss of this great human being.
Steve forever changed the world... Rest In Peace Mr. Jobs...
I want to send condolences to Steve’s family. He was an amazing man. He was creative, a genius, but also an entrepreneur who has showed that working hard everything is possible. The most important thing is that he’s not suffering any more.  We won’t forget him.   R.I.P. Steve Jobs
You've helped make this world a better one. You'll never be forgotten.
RIP Steve! We'll celebrate your life and your work. It is a very sad day.  You were such a creative genius, such a huge inspiration. You will be missed. World will not be the same.
loved that little green screen. Used it all through high school and into the first few years of college. Thanks Steve!
A great man who leaves a great legacy and will never be forgotten. fought and failed to overcome this battle. my condolences to the family and friends.
You revolutionized the technical world. You will be forever missed.
Peace to Steve's friends, family, colleagues and loved ones.
Steve Jobs time with us was all too brief. God bless the Jobs' family.
Dearest Steve,  Rest in Peace for you have not only changed our lives but also changed the World and the future!  When I was a kid, I was fascinated by computers but it was a Mac which made me fall in love with computers! Now even as a Medical Professional, my love for Apple makes me better at what I do and made it possible to follow my destiny.  As a self financed student it is hard to manage tuition and I have to work part-time. My expertise on Macs that I developed as a hobby ended up useful enough for me to get a part-time job at Apple. Now Apple also has helped me with my Med school.  Steve, I'm ever thankful to you for making such great products and simply showing and taking us to the future!  We all owe you a lot.
You will be missed.
You can not see the tears in my eyes or feel the pain in my heart. My sympathy to Steve's family and the greater Apple community. I am an avid user of Apple products and have enjoyed watching Steve introduce new products. Their products have changed my life and the world. We are all blessed to have been a part of the Steve Jobs generation.
My 2 teenage boys and I would just like to say our hearts and prayers are with the Jobs family.  The three of us feel so fortunate to be alive during his time and see his genius.
He built a following that was built entirely on his close and careful care to always ensure his customers were satisfied with their products. Nobody can or ever will replace a man who has changed the way we learn and consider using technology. RIP Steve Jobs.
Dear Steve,  thank you for your ideology, great principles and extraordinary   belief. I acquired a lot of your knowledge into my life.  Thank you.
To the world's greatest innovator. Without you the world would have been  a different place. Thank you for everything. Rest in Peace my friend
Thanks, Steve for changing the way we see computers today. You've   touched millions of lives worldwide.  The world won't be the same   without you.
I never met Steve Jobs, never exchanged emails with him, never a conversation, not even a tweet. Even so, I feel that he added to my life and will miss knowing he's around.  My deepest condolences to his family and friends.
This is a very sad day. Steve's visionary ideas help those of us who never could master the workings of a PC. He developed a computer that was so easy to understand. For this and all of his ingenuity to keep developing the most wonderful products one could ever hope for I thank you. You will be sorely missed and never forgotten.
Loss of Steve Jobs life today will probably be the greatest loss for many generations in terms of innovations that are yet to come in the future. The world will always be grateful for his effort and vision, which has touched millions of people's lives around the world in so many ways people are using Apple products in their everyday life.  He will be greatly missed, our condolences to his family and friends, and we  wish Apple the very best.
Hi,  I don't know if you will read this, but to the family of Steve Jobs, I  want to express my sincere condolences.  We are all with you, and I hope you will take the time you need to go  thought this challenge.  To Steve,  I'm from Canada, and the fact that you're gone is making me realize how  much you changed the way people see technology. But for me, you changed  the way I believe in my projects, you changed my beliefs and you changed  me, just by being so strong when everything was against you.  I will never forget you. Rest in peace, and every time I will see an  apple, I will think about all what you did.
i would like to thank steve jobs for all he has done with his ideas from  iPod to iMac. He has shown me that the impossible is possible and that i  would like to thank him. My home is only filled with apple electronics  with iPod nanos, iPod touches, iPads,  mac books, and an iMac. His  products have helped me with my studies and his ideas are probably the  best i have ever heard.
How your death hit me, Mr. Jobs!  I never knew you.  Our relationship  has been through the neat stuff that you made, the tools and fun gadgets  that I've used, that have helped me do what I love.  I've been an Apple  user since 1988.  Your creative genius, burning bright, has been on the  edge of my consciousness (even as it has been under my fingertips) all  these years.  Thanks for the neat stuff; and thanks for the reminder  that the ride doesn't last anywhere near forever.
A man with a vision who inspired us all. Our present-day Einstein who not only advanced the world but changed it.  RIP.
I obviously never knew Steve personally, but as most celebrities and great minds, his impact will be felt until long after many of us have passed as well. Thank you Steve for your amazing contributions to technology throughout your life, surely it would be impossible for millions of people all over the world to forget you when they enjoy a little piece of you every time they press play, make a call, or launch Safari.
THANK YOU MR. JOBS FOR ALL YOU DID FOR THE TECH WORLD AND ALL THE HOURS YOU PUT INTO MAKING THE WONDER APPLE COMPANY, YOU WILL BE MISSED!
I never had the privilege of meeting him, but he has touched my heart.   He was an innovator and true inspiration to new generation inventors,  believers, CEOs, and anyone else following their dreams.  There will  never be another man like him, but I hope that thousands will try their  best to become even a fraction of what Steve Jobs was.  My heartfelt  condolences go to his family and to the people he worked with.
Thanks for the bright ideas.  Farewell.
May the thought that you were adored and appreciated by many comfort your family and friends in their time of need.
STEVE yours name is in our heart together with IPhone. We will always remember you.
We sincerely condolences to the families, friends and colleagues of Steve Jobs. We grieve with you. Steve was a great man. We bow to his genius. We will miss him. We hope that the Apple board of directors does not change the course Steve.  Fans of Steve Jobs and Apple products.
To say that Steve Jobs and Apple had an impact on my life would be to minimize how they impacted it.  When I was in high school I was likely the biggest, if not only, geek in their.  I was reserved and very much an introvert and often found solace with the lone Mac Classic that we had, it and I were loners in the cruel world of highschool.  Had I not found that lonely little Mac, had it not called to me in ways that other things hadn't I don't know that I would be here today.  Mr. Jobs, please rest in peace - you have truly changed the world for the better, not just for your customers but for me personally.
I was very saddened to hear that Steve Jobs passed.  My very first computer was one of the first Apple II+'s that was ever built and it sparked my love for computers.  Mr. Jobs has been an inspiration and he will be missed.
May his soul rest in peace. Today the world has not only lost a creative genius, but a revolutionary. He changed three different industries and did so in a way that he left us all in awe. The world will always remember his brilliance, cunning and charisma.
Dear Developers and Steve,  Our group was definitely influenced by Steve Jobs, and on behalf of  our mobile developers group would like to say, "thanks Steve for  providing visions, and providing ways for the individual to succeed". We  will miss your human presence, however, will continue to enjoy the  foundations you have made for a better World. You rocked!
I wish to offer my condolences to Steve's family, friends and colleagues. He  changed the world, he was a true visionary and he was a wonderful person that touched so many people all over the world.
For taking a stand on quality.  For showing others the value of taking risks and the proper way to accept failure, and, pick up and keep moving forward.  For leading, mentoring and generally cajoling a whole generation of geeks, nerds and 'fanbois' and making us all part of something bigger than we could have ever imagined.  We'll miss you, your entertaining and demanding style and your relentless drive and motivation.  The mold was indeed broken after you were cast and we're all at least a little bit better for having had the opportunity to exist in your presence.
I had the pleasure to work for Apple as well as having lunch twice in his company and he will be missed.  The world can't thank you enough Steve. Thanks for the iPod and everything else!  will be missing you.
Thank you, thank you, thank you, Steve. We miss you.
Although many people who are using any products of apple – iPod, iPhone, iPad or iTune, do not know Steve Jobs, obviously the users are proud of using Apple. It is a symbol of figure, it seems the social status has been acknowledged by the people surrounded. We take our hats to the great visionary and creative genius.
Condolences to the friends and family of Steve Jobs. His advances to the technology world have enriched my life and millions of others....thanks Steve Rest in peace.
We 've lost a wonderful mind! Thanks Mr. Jobs for giving us the way of a new creative world!
My condolences to Steve's family. I will be praying for you during this difficult time.
You will be missed Steve truly a great icon of a CEO that every CEO  should look to shadow you in every way..
Steve Jobs was a great man, not only for his ability to SELL great products, but for his ability to CREATE them. Not just imagine them, but to bring them to real life. What was truly great about what he did was not on the presentation stage, but in the board room and in the labs and in the offices. He had a vision for how a world class organization is run, for what a world class organization DOES, and he had an uncanny ability to get everyone to buy into it and achieve that goal. In this way, he was not only a business leader but an icon for modern humanity: we will need more people like him in our future. He will be sorely missed.
Da Vinci, Mozart, Newton, Franklin, Jobs  Nobody is out of place at that table.  RIP Steve.  
I've never met Steve Jobs in person. But everyday I thank him for everything he changed in my life.  Since I started buying Apple products, I had 3 iPods, 2 laptops, one iMac, one iPad, and 3 iPhones. And they made my life easier.  But Steve changed many more. He changed the industry from music to phones. And that wasn't his biggest contribution either.  He was a model for everyone. After I heard his speech on Stanford (the most inspiring ever), I saw how many issues he had on his life, but that wasn't enough to stop him from doing what he wanted. And he changed the world.  Thank you, not only for the amazing stuff you created and made technology simple. Thanks for showing us that you don't have to be a show off to be great. You can do all that on a turtle neck and jeans.
My sincere condolences and heartfelt sympathy to all Steven Jobs' family friends and colleagues. I send this message from my iPhone intentionally and with much appreciation and gratitude for his vision and your skill as a company for giving the world  these devices that have enhanced my life. He will be missed. He makes me proud of my generation.
Our hearts and prayers go out to Steve Jobs and his family!     You will truly be missed!
This was one of the saddest day of my life. One of my heroes pass away. Thanks for changing my life, thanks for the ideas, thanks for your example. The world lost a great man.
When I was first introduced to the wonderful world of technological advances of our era, I quickly saw Apple had something special: a founder who truly and deeply cared for the quality of the services he provided. I quickly came to admire Steve Jobs as a man who loved what he gave the world, and took pride in it. I was 13 then and though I am only 17 and soon to be entering the world, I know that if there are men like Steve Jobs in this world, I have hope for it. As a future business man, Steve Jobs is and always will be an idol to me. He revolutionized the world, and it has just begun. He has helped advance the world, a world I am proud to inherit. I will try to achieve his genuine passion for what he did and live up to the legacy he has left behind for all business people, and people in general, to see.   To a Great Man. Take care Mr. Jobs. I am saddened that I am to never meet you, but heartened that you live on in the hearts and minds of all people left here. My Condolences to the Jobs Family.
Thank you for giving us the vision and gadgets that will lead us for the next 100 years.
Steve was among the greatest of world visionaries. Among the ones that contributed to change my life.  Thank you for all you have done. The world will miss you dearly.  I know I will.  R.I.P.
A visionary has left us. As the recipients of his marked vision we are  deeply in sorrow for his departure. Steve you shall be missed!!
rest in peace steve jobs. you were an inspiration to me and many others. you forever changed  technology, and we thank you for that.  we love you and we are all going to miss you.
Losing Mr. Jobs made me sad.  Although I did not get a chance to use  Apple product.  (My daughter has iPod Touch).  Mr. Jobs will be truly  missed.
I want to remember Steve for all the good products he brought to the public, how he resurrected a good company and the path he set for the future of computing. May God shower His comfort and blessings on Steve’s family.
What a terrible loss to a wayward nation. Steve Jobs was an incredible  person with even more incredible ideas. HIs innovation will be missed by  all. I wish I could have met him personally, but his spirit will live on  through his devices and through his consumers. Consumers who will miss  him as if he were family. RIP.
i have always been a huge apple fan and loved all your products. when  steve jobs used to announce a new product he did with pride and loved to  do it. i felt and still feel as though i knew him. from a young age i  knew that when i get older i want to follow his footsteps and be as  successful as this iconic human. when i found out of his death i was  devastated and still am. he is one person that i will remember for the  rest of my life. as successful as apple is and with the profit he has  made he was one of the rare men that still wore basic jeans and a  running shoes that would bring in millions and for that reason i loved  him. when he announced his step down from apple i knew his time would be  coming to an end and sadly today is that day. Steve jobs will be in my  heart forever and will be know as of the best men to me Mr steve job you have inspired me and i love you although i never met  you i wish i did it would have been a great honour.
Steve Jobs es el hombre que evoluciono al mundo y estara a lado de los  grandes cientificos que han marcado la historia del mundo.
I am typing this on a Macbook, with iPhone next to me, and iPod also somewhere close by. So, Steve Jobs' work will always be around me. But, there is something more important that I will remember him for. It is his Stanford graduation speech that I stumbled upon a few months ago, at the exact time when I was making some huge professional decisions. His story about embracing the unknown and "courage to follow your heart" was exactly what I needed to hear. I was refusing the usual path, deciding to not settle, and turning down an opportunity against voices of many, because my heart told me it wasn't right for me. I am not sure where this uncertain, ongoing stage of my life will take me. I am not sure whether I will succeed or fail. Steve's story reassures me to not just be okay with not knowing but to embrace the unknown with all its possibility.  May he rest in peace and my condolences to Steve's family.
Un immense génie s'est éteint ce soir. Sa vision révolutionnaire de l'informatique restera gravée pour toujours. Merci, mille fois merci.
Steve Jobs was the man who built and ran the only company I would ever  buy an OEM computer from, and have many times over.  I have worn the  Apple logo on every vehicle I have owned, every desktop I have built,  and even stuck one on my MacBook.  One time I bought another copy of OSX  Snow Leopard so I could get another sticker to put on something.  This  is a dark time for all Apple supporters, and even more so for every  computer enthusiast worldwide.  From the bottom of my heart you will  always be missed.
Rest In Peace the Great Mr Steve Jobs   From my tiny place in the universe I just wanted to say thank you for   making my life that bit better by doing what you did so well.  My thoughts are with Steve's family and friends.
My condolences to the entire Apple family. What a tremendous loss for the whole wide world.  I'm sure you didn't know this but you were a symbol of hope to me and will never be forgotten.
First of all, sorry for my english.  I turned on my MacBook and the Apple site was open in the browser. When I saw his picture my breath stopped.  I can't believe it :(
There are no words. Tell Bob Dylan we miss him almost as much as we miss you.
Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak brought us a computer "for the rest of us"  and changed the world.  Steve Jobs was a difficult perfectionist, but he  created amazing experiences for the rest us. He inspired us and enriched  our lives with his creativity.  I bought my first Mac in 1992.  His  "insanely great" products helped me pull my daughter out of autism,  teaching her the alphabet, and how to properly "mouth" the sounds of  letters at a time when no other computers could do what a Mac could.  Macs have always been about unleashing our inner creativity.  He has  inspired a generation of film makers, digital photographers, and  entrepreneurs.  Not only did he invent the iPhone, the iPod and the  iPad, and the Mac, but he helped bring us Hypertext, which was a  forerunner of hyperlinking on the Web. He brought us the industry of  desktop publishing.  He brought us "WYSIWYG" and beautiful fonts,  rendered on a box that only reads ones and zeros.  He saw great ideas  and he stole them - just like other great entrepreneurs.  But what truly  set him apart from the rest was his relentless pursuit of simple beauty,  the zen of elegant programming, the perfect curve, and the aesthetic  touch that sets Apple products apart.  Godspeed, and thank you, Steve,  for making so many of our lives so much better.
He introduced a passion for technology in my life! God bless the genius, the man, husband, father, son, the visionary Steve Jobs was.
R.I.P Steve Jobs! I couldn't imagine life without my MacBook, iPhone, or my i Pod! You will be missed, you have created a force that will forever improve l ife as we know it. Take care and Thank You for blessing us with your wonderful genius.
May you rest in peace Mr. Jobs thank you for everything you aspired to  and accomplished.  You have made a better world for all of us and for that the world is  grateful.  Heaven is far richer today than yesterday.
Steve and his unquestionable pursuit for progress has touched many lives around the globe.  He will be survived by all the greatness he has created. To his beloved family: what an honor to have known such an  enlightened brilliant mind!  My heartfelt thoughts and prayers go out to his family, friends and colleagues.
Dear Apple family,  I am very sorry for your loss... Steve was indeed a true inspiration to us  all and will forever be remembered. My sincere condolences to his family and friends.
Dear Apple Family,  I was both shocked and saddened to hear the news of Steve Jobs' death. I did not know him as a person but through his achievements he had done on Apple and Pixar. As I am writing this email staring on my IMac, I will always remember his words:  *"You've got to find what you love. And that is as true for your work as it is for your lovers. Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle." Little did I know that these words helped to guide me to choose the career path that I always dreamed of. Indeed my journey and passion with the job is just starting out, but I really do hope that I will be able to do all my works with the love and passion he had with Apple.  Please extend my sincere sympathy to your big family. My thoughts and prayers are with you all.  I know you will miss him very much as we all will. I am thankful that I had a part of him in my live and will continue to remember him as the great guy he was.
I go all the way back to System 3, and my life was changed because of  Apple. Steve Jobs was the lone voice of poetry and vision in the  marketplace; he believed in the best that human enterprise could be, and  he made us believe in it too. Thank you, Steve, not just for the  gadgets, but for the thrill of the ride and the joy of discovery.
One of the iPhone users in Korea, I would like to pray for the repose of job's soul. He was a great star and has given us comfortable life. His spirit will last forever in Apple.
What a grand legacy this man leaves behind. Condolences to his family  and his company. Very sad news.
Condolences to all that knew and loved Steve, may he rest in peace his  creative ideas will be truly missed. Long live Apple   R.I.P. STEVE
I didn't know Steve, but I am in tears over this news. It's so unfortunate that his life was cut short, but the world should be thankful for the innovations he created. A truly inspiring person.
Steve Jobs was a pioneer and will forever be seen as a visionary.
Steve thank you for your legacy to our generation and "think different" always keep in  my mind.
Steve was a great man he made computers what they are today because of his invention the Macintosh he made computers great. He was my hero I'm 14 and Steve was the best I will miss Steve
Rarely has history been impacted by the genius of such inspirational persons.  Our modern age has taken shape due to Steve's innovations.  We can only imagine the breadth ideas he never got to share.  The tech community will surely miss Steve and we all are mourning this great loss.  My thoughts and prayers are with the Steve's family and friends.
I can say I was privilaged to have witnessed one of the greatest come backs in history. Apple could never have recoverred from failure if Steve wouldn't have been back to save it. Yes, this message is sent from my iPad, and when my 8 month old son looks at  in the future I will feel obliged to tell him this was the most amazing and  inovative gadget of my time, and its creator was Mr. Steve Jobs, probably the most visionary man in the technology world so far. Rest in Peace Mr. Jobs, know that the world owes you a great deal.
The world will truly miss one true genius and an icon for our generation and generations to come! My sincerestcondolencesto his family, our prayers is with you.
The greatest entrepreneur of the modern age has passed away. The man who co-founded Apple, the computer company which has now become one of the top valued companies on the planet. Then co-founded Pixar, a animation studio which has brought us into computer animated age, and brought us unparalleled quality films. To see him pass on is something I thought would happen in my late 30's when he was nearing his 70's...56, is too soon, the man beat cancer and came back and showed us signs of strength, signs he may have been acting all this time to keep us from worrying. The man literally, worked himself to death.  I won't spend pages honoring his achievements, we know them all today when we pop in Toy Story, or boot up an app on our iPhone. Some of us will be typing and reblogging, tweeting, and sharing our posts about this man's legacy on our MacBooksall the while listening to music on our iPods.   The man brought us much, and he inspired me to apply to Reed College like he did, though I couldn't afford it and still couldn't.  So please everyone, honor this man, a man who ushered in the era of the modern smartphone, the man who made the GUI system something tangible, the man who gave us Finding Nemo.
Its 1983, I'm 13 years old, my Apple IIe with duo disc drive arrives …a spark …a future life begins.  Thank you Steve - blessings on your journey.
Nuestro querido Steve,   fuiste un grande, te vamos a extrañar!!! el mundo esta de luto por vos  Adios Steve!!!
Please accept my heartfelt condolences for the loss of M. Steve Jobs, an exemplary man in many ways, a wonderful magician for our daily living, a great  inventor who kept us dreaming and enjoying life with a unique vision of technology . I will miss M. Steve Jobs, immensely.
RIP Steve you will be missed I guess god wanted to call you because you  are such a good man. I will be praying for your family!
Steve Jobs made computing and simple tasks like using the phone or listening to music a beautiful and streamlined art. Because of him, Apple products have changed how we live and work. He was an artist and a visionary. Steve will truly be missed. May God Bless those he left behind. Cherish the memories you have.
Thank you for being with us, bring us brilliant technology evolution, changes the way how we live, bringing happiness to people by your invention.  Rest in peace, Steeve.  Deepest condolences to Steeve's family &amp; friends for their lost of great father, great hunsband and great friend.
Steve Jobs was beyond a visionary or business leader, he was the heartbeat of consumer electronics. So many companies and other technology leaders owe their success for the man they chased for years. He will always be remembered  by the technology world.
My condolences go out to your family and friends. The world has lost a great  man today!! You will be missed...
Steve changed the way you think. A mentor, a inventor, an example!  We miss you!  Thanks for your genius!
You and your words always in my heart and my mind... rest in peace Steve... we love u!
As a former Apple employee, my condolences go out to the family of Steve Jobs. He was a remarkable man with an amazing vision and revolutionary ideas. He is someone who has truly touched the world. He will be missed, but never forgotten as Apple continues to lead in the computer world!
My colleagues laugh at me because I still have 6 functioning Apple iie computers alive in my special education classroom. I have to periodically open them up and fiddle with their innards to keep them running, and so far, they have stepped up to bat in helping my learning disabled students improve in reading, spelling and math by using them on a daily basis. To you, Steve, I offer my heartfelt thanks for creating a device that is at the same time a fun thing for kids to interact with, a learning tool, and a beginning step to computer literacy. I honestly do not know what I would have done without them over my 30+ years as a special educator. I don't mind the ridicule of my peers; I have helped little kids take that important first step into the cyberworld. I couldn't have done it without you! I just wanted to offer some retro thanks for your inspiring genius.
I started with an iPod ten years ago and rapidly became an Apple fan. From the Macbook Pro to the iPad 2, Steve seemed to know what I wanted and how I wanted it to look.   My thoughts and prayers are with his family, friends and coworkers.  Thank you,
you physically has passed away, and unfortunately this is " The bitter truth " that we all must accept it. However what you have done for the humanity will never die. You have given the whole world a lesson that is unforgettable. your work and your passion will last forever.  Thank you Steve Jobs for everything you have done.
I would not be doing what I do today without you Steve. As an employee and a user your products, ideas, and your leadership have shaped me into the person I am today. No amount of words can express my thanks for everything you have done.  Miss you already.
Steve Apple Jobs... will be a legacy that will never die .... The great innovation of person that you are always live in our block.
To a transformer of the way the world uses and excels in technology, thank you for enabling the generation to open so many doors to new innovations and ideas, for giving aspiring geniuses hope and drive in this life. You were a true legend and the respect that I, many other Mac's, and PCs even, have for you goes above and beyond. Thank you for giving me motivation to chase dreams, no matter how out of this world they may be, you're ideas and dreams put to real life are proof that nothing is impossible. May you rest in the sweetest peace, Steve Jobs.
Since I don't know who is  going to read this e-mail, I would like to simply present my condolences  to the people who were close to Steve. I may have never met him in my  life, but Steve changed my life as he changed the life of many others.  Last year in public speaking class in college I choose to act his  inspirational Stanford commencement address and the less I can say is  that it was a great feeling to say his words.  I think Steve was a great visionary, and never will another man reach  his success and fame in the business world. May he rest in peace.  Once again, to Steve's closest, may God bless you and your family during  this is time,
Condolence to the great one. This man change my life through his innovations  as an artist, musician, and a photographer. You will be missed.
I do not know SJ personally.  Far away from Malaysia, I only know him by  reading and news. I think he is one guy who had given the most to the  entire world but did not ask anything back for himself. I do not know  whether in this lifetime there will be another SJ among us.
It's hard to overstate the genius that was Steve Jobs. As a cancer survivor and a raving Apple fan, I'm very saddened by the loss of this great human being. So visionary, so inspiring, so genius.   My condolences to his family and friends.   Rest in peace Steve. Your human and tech legacy will live forever, I'm sure.
I'm sorry to see a good man go. But his life has been a inspiration to me. He had character and vision and was able to make the world a better place.
I am so sorry for the loss.  Its very sad for the world to lose it's  genius.  At least he went out with a bang, releasing the iphone 4s the  day before.  Rest In Peace.
Very few men are born with not only the ability but also the desire to change the world. Steve Jobs will be missed...but he will be remembered for his innovative spirit. Rest in peace my friend.
I never knew him personally, but I received the news with deep regret. Surely a man who saw beyond the horizons with a brilliant mind and revolutionary. In his dictionary of words, impossible, certainly not exist. He certainly was a milestone in technology, marketing and the power of both together. Thanks to him we now have devices that are not "just devices." It really changed everything. The iPhone can not be classified as a cell, it is much more than that. After all, an eloquent person, friendly, and someone's sure to be remembered forever. I have no words to say how sad I am to receive the news. My feelings to family, and God help you in this difficult time. Mr. Jobs, great man, great person, and again .... Brilliant. Great loss for humanity, for Apple and for all his fans, like me, who always admired his ideas totally revolutionary. We will miss his magic touch in making the impossible possible.
I would like to thank Steve's closest family and friends for sharing him with the world. I know very little about his personal life except for a few sweet insights I've gleaned here and there, but I suspect as someone who brought so much to the larger world and to his business, his immediate circle probably always wished they could have had more of him. Thank you for letting him pursue his passion and be the man and human being he was; that is the greatest gift of all.   My condolences and my appreciation to you. And to Steve, thank you for your legacy of what it means to inspire and lead.
My father, who passed away in 1998, was one of the original MacIntosh supporters. He bought one of the first machines and many that followed. I miss my father terribly and one of the things I miss most is how much he would have loved to experience the iPhone, iPad and everything Apple. I often state when new Apple products are launched, "my Dad would have loved this!"  I'm saddened by the news of Steve Job's passing. What a tragedy that he was so young. What a great contribution he made to the world.  In my heart, I hope that Steve meets my Dad in the afterlife and they continue to share in heaven the wonderfulness that Steve brought to our lives here on Earth.
Steve was a pioneer with a vision to blaze trails none had ever taken. His career has forever changed the way the world communicates. Our thoughts are with his family. God bless.
Thank you Steve Jobs for inspiring a generation, actually several generations. You forever changed our relationship with technology and how we think about solving the challenges before us in an inspiring way!
Today a great man leaves, but his memory will remain with us FOREVER. thank you steve, rest in peace.
Steve Jobs. You will be missed. What you have done will never be replaced or redone. Your vision and outlook are light years ahead of anything out there. An Icon for life.
Steve was an amazing person who helped pioneer the rapid rise of technology. He will be missed and I give my regards to all his friends, family and everyone at Apple.
He was a hero for me, a inspiration. Since I got my first iPhone I love  Apple and everything about it. I will always remember the man who  changed the world in so many ways.
The world has lost a man who changed the world. His voice was soft, but everyone could hear. His vision was endless, but everyone made it personal. His impact was monumental, and everyone cheered!
My condolences to my dear friends at Apple.My thoughts are with you during this very difficult time.  He was your leader at one level but I also know he was your true friend.
Just wanted to add my voice that few individuals have influenced my life or inspired me along the way more than the example, innovations, motivation  of Mr. Steve Jobs, truly a light of the world has gone out today.  We'll remember you and your positive thoughts always.  Keeping all my Mac's forever :)
I am an artist and musician embroiled in technology, a state I embrace. I doubt that it would have happened without Mr. Jobs and his design-centric devices. I was acquainted with computers early on, but from the moment I discovered a computer that could accept the sweeping movement of my hand instead of the punching of a button or the toggling of a switch to control it and tell it what I wanted it to do, I was hooked. Being able to actually manipulate the {now it seems so archaic} pixels that could form an image on the screen so easily was technology I had only dreamed of, like something from a Jules Verne novel. And then so much more came. Music, high resolution art, motion imaging, and so fast.  I thank you, Steve, for your dreaming, and perseverance. You have enriched my life, and the lives of those whom touch mine.
The thing that really got me about Steve Jobs was how much he believed in and loved the stuff Apple makes. He talked about iMacs and iPhones like they were his own children. He didn't make a product out of cheap plastic, assign a 12 digit serial number as a name and throw it on a Walmart shelf somewhere. Loving the stuff he made was Steve's real genius.
I met him once in a cafe. Honestly the nicest and smartest man I ever   met. He offered to show me the best thing on the menu. To   this day I still go there and only get that. I love you Mr Jobs,  Farewell
Steve, Thank you for your contribution to human beings.
You've given me an iPod, iPod mini, iPod Video, iMac, Macbook, Macbook Pro, Airport, Apple TV, Mighty Mouse, iTunes, iPhone, iPhone 3g, iPhone 3gs, iPhone 4, Apps, Games, my first paying job in college as an intern, inspiration, and unforgettable experiences. Thank you for making me who I am today. I wish the best for your family and hope you rest in peace.  With Sincere Gratitude
My sincerest condolences on the lost of a visionary. Even though I personally have never met Mr Jobs, he has changed my perception of what a personal computer should be. His insight and dedication to us, the customer, has been felt so personal. His dreams of making things user friendly was unique and so appreciated. I hope that he has passed this on to his fellow Apple family, because its a touch that is surely missed.  Forever in our prayers.
Thank you for changing our world forever and sharing your passion.
Dear Steve, Thank you for all the creativity, inspiration and innovation that is Apple. You created so much more than just great products and services but more importantly you gave us life enriching and enhancing gifts. Forever will your passions be engrained in all our lives for years to come -- and beyond.  Rest assured--what you created with Apple will live on and continue to inspire, grow and enrich the world keeping your legacy alive. You will always be remembered.
Thank you for creating a big change in people's lives with your hard work and intelligence. I believe that you will be remembered by the world as much as Einstein and Edison have been remembered, and I will never forget about you and the world you have shaped.  Thank you.
Although it is a very different industry, as a biologist and chemist, Steve inspired me to never settle for anything less than the absolute best. Apple helped me throughout college to keep in touch with my family and to feel at home no matter where I was in the world. Without Steve's innovation, as well as everyone at Apple, the industry would not be what it is today. Thank you Steve, for everything.   Stay hungry, stay foolish.
The least I can say is thank you for teaching us that magic exists, thank you for allowing us to understand what passion is, thank you for letting us have a better future, thanks for letting me write this, thank you, Rest in peace.
Every time i touch my iPad or my iPhone i will remember the contribution of an extraordinary man. I am much more productive, my life runs easier and even  my two years old daughter loves an iPad. Thanks Steve.
Siento muchísimo la muerte de Steve, fue un genio y nos dejó una gran compañía... Nos hizo soñar, y más que eso a muchos de nosotros nos hizo reales nuestros sueños de infancia...  Espero que luego de su partida la compañía siga siendo la mejor, y así demuestren las grandes enseñanzas que tuvieron la suerte de aprender de un gran hombre como lo fué él.  Por mi parte seguiré soñando más y más cada día y espero sorprenderme cada vez más cuando vea alguna novedad de apple.
R.I.P Steve Jobs, you were an icon to all people across the world.  And your inventions changed the way we live.
You are my role model. I cry every time I watch your commencement speech.  You're truly an inspiriting person.
May your spirit live on in all the things you have accomplished. My thoughts are with you, your family, friends and everybody at Apple.  May you rest in peace Steve.  Farewell.
I'm proud to say I became a Mac enthusiast and Steve Jobs disciple in  August 1984. Apple remains the only company whose products I buy  automatically, as soon as they are available.
to steve. He is the visionary of our generation.
Just want to say I'm forever thankful for all your hard work, Steve. You  have made what I do possible - I could not be a musician were it not for  Apple. I will miss seeing you unveil Apple's products at future Keynote  presentations.May you rest in peace.  With love,
Dear,   My engilish is not enough well, but i want to send this mail to you and your children. Though i have not bougth any APPLE products until now , but i miss 乔布斯 because of his personality. I hope you will be happy in future and your family.
Steve Jobs inspires and motivates me to stay original and creative. He proved that you can be revolutionary and succeed.
Once upon a time, I would have never counted a CEO among people I admired. Steve Jobs changed that. Though I never met him personally, his presence at events seemed warm. His personality, welcoming and genuine. Apple, under his helm, produced products that literally changed my path in life. I wouldn't be where I am today had it not been for my first Apple product: a PowerBook G4.  I've often thought about how I would love to sit down and have dinner with Steve. Not to gawk over his celebrity, but to simply chat as two human beings. Although that possibility was slim, now it is zero.  Today I shed tears for the loss of a person I have never met. I can't say that has ever happened before. I offer my most sincere condolences to the Jobs family.
Steve.  You are my hero.  You changed the world in so many countless ways.   Aside from the massive technological advances, just what this whole  world and society would be like without your touch; i don't want to  imagine it.  I'm 17 years old, and i'd like to say thank you.  I've  always looked up to you, and you have deeply effected my life. Your view on  everything, your strive for simplistic beauty, it was amazing. I feel  honored to be able to say that I lived while you did.  You were an  amazing man.
I love apple and is my favorite company I have 4 ipods touch because I like it so much and all things that steve jobs do was amazing and that things that he do we never goanna forget
One of the greatest innovators has gone. We'll miss you, Steve.
I always watched the keynotes, even all the stuff that contextually  wasn't interesting to me, I watched as long as Steve was in it. R.I.P.
Steve we never forget what you did for a World..You was amazing person and creates visionary .. My sincere condolences to Steve wife ..  STEVE REST IN PEACE ..
My thoughts and prayers are with Steve Jobs' family and loved ones. Live every moment ~ Laugh every day ~ Love beyond words
It is a very sad day when such a bright light has stopped shining.
Steve, you may be dead but your work and innovation lives on. Rest in peace.
I am in some hospital of India treating my mother for cancer. This morning, I woke up and I was going through the tweets. I saw RIP Steve Jobs. My heart was crushed. I was so sure that I was still in sleep and this is not the truth. But reality hit my face. Now it feels like I have lost a family. RIP Steve, you will be missed immenesly. . --  Stay hungry. Stay foolish.
Farewell Mr. Jobs. Thank you for changing my life for the better in such simple ways that have now become ubiquitous to me. You will be missed, and you will be remembered.
Rest in Peace, Steve Jobs.  Regardless of where anyone stands in the debate, the simple fact is, your design language, and overall vision of what the personal computer could, should, and will be, has affected everyone, whether they know it or not.  Add to that the fruits of your work, from music, digital layout, graphic design, film and any other media outlet that has even the most remote tie in with the digital realm. Your influence, from industrial design to typography choices, will be long felt.  All the respect in the world, from one Steve to another.
Steve, Thank you for giving us the opportunity to enjoy the result's of  your ideas, you will be greatly missed, but always remembered. You will  live on forever in all your creations. May you Rest in Peace.
He just changed every single thing we have as technology today.  His design and concepts will follow us until our last breathe. Rest in peace, Steve. You know you changed the world in the better way you could. Shine in the sky as always you shined on stages, during your amazing keynotes.  We know you made the difference.
There will be just a hand full of people in history that will make us  miss them even when we didn't know them, Mr steve is one of them. I know  he is now happy wherever he is.
I think I own 2 of everything you have invented. On some nights I can glance  around the room in our home and see one teen on the iPhone, another couple of kids listening to their iPods while my wife is on the Mac and I'm on my fa vorite toy, the iPad! You were a genius the world will never realize again. God bless your family and rest in peace my friend.
A visionary that will stay forever on our minds. Rest in peace.
My thoughts and prayers are with his family, his friends, and his employees.  I understand that he was not only a great person to work with, but also a great man.  He will be missed by all.
I was greatly saddened by the passing of Steve Jobs.  I remember the days of the garage group and how a dream mushroomed to something wonderful and creative for the world to use and enjoy.   My first computers were Apple II's. In the near future I hope to expand my creativity by going back to Apple and the iMac.     Steve Jobs may have passed but his spirit and drive will continue with Apple not only as a corporation but its philosophy on bringing exciting and innovative products to the world.     Steve was a private person but in the end his very being will always be present to the public for his contributions not only in the computer world but the world itself.     My deepest condolences to his family and to his friends.     Rest in Peace.
As a young college graduate in the 80s, it was always a competition - Apple vs IBM, I remember those days fondly. One of the first 10 people in my company to get a personal computer. I chose an IBM PC but others chose Apple.  Those on both sides had a certain awe and mystique about the "other" machines.  I put an Apple sticker on my PC just so I could like like one of the cool people.  On the outside, I wore a suit, but my inner soul was jeans and tee shirts.  I am so sad that Steve Jobs is gone.  The world will be a less colorful place.
Steve Jobs is a man whom I never met, but who has shaped my life in so many ways. Outside of the amazing innovation that helped to introduce going all the way back to the mouse in the 1980's and the iPod in the early 2000's, he innovated the way people did business, how they marketed, how they were entertained. His ideas and innovations created a world in which I found joy in technology and became connected to people whom I never could have imagined meeting.  There's a lot of things I want to say and it's hard to say it without stumbling over myself. I can boil it down to one statement: I don't have many heroes or people whom I look up to. I can count them on one hand, and Steve Jobs was one of them. Without him and the other amazing innovators at Apple I wouldn't have found the joy of technology and had a career in it.  Thanks, Steve, and thanks, Apple.
My condolences go out to Steve's family and friends. He was a visionary that set a remarkable precedent for the way we live.  He will continue to define the way we work and play through his  innovative technology and courageous spirit. He will be missed!
I'm extremely sorry about your lost. I have been a support of apple for  years and I have to say Steve was a incredible guy! My prayers go out to  his family and friends. May he rest in peace and just know he is in a  better place free of pain.
There are not enough words to say how much the world has lost today.  A great person, that did and inspired great things.  Thoughts and prayers to his family at this very hard time.
I am not a longtime Mac user. Steve jobs not only convinced me to  switch, but he convinced me to pursue my passion in life. And to share  that passion. Now his death (at my own age) will push me to not lose  time, but pursue it day by day. I am grateful that he has touched my  life and the lives of so many people throughout the country and the  world.
Thank you Apple for creating such magnificent products. Once you go Mac you never go back. Steve Jobs will be remembered, not for his amazing products, but for who  he was. I recently purchased my Mac Book Pro last April, and i must say i have  been wanting it for as long as i can remember. It truly is an amazing  laptop, but it's more. Thank you Apple for the IPod Touch, Ipad 2,  MacBook Pro, IMAC and many more wonderful products. Cheers!
Apple, and by extension Steve Jobs has been an integral part of my   life since I was a young teenager programing computers in an L.A.   classroom working with the Apple II-e.  I was drawn in by the elegance of the Apple II-e (the mouse and the   beautiful 15 color pallet).  I have considered myself part of the Apple family since that time.  The innovations that Steve has given to me through his vision via   Apple has, without a doubt, contributed to what I can say has been a   very good life.  Steve, you will be missed.
Steve Jobs,  If I need to tell others how a successful CEO is, you are the only one. A successful person doesn't need to make a lot of money but make the world better. You definitely made the world better.  I will keep my iPhone 4, which is the last iPhone presented by you.  Thank God for giving us Steve Jobs. No one else could be like you especially your presentation skills.  Rest in peace in God's hands.
I would like to express my sincere condolences to the family.  I am an an Apple fan that has marveled at the products Steve created, which since 2004 has become part of my daily life. This is a very sad for me personally, knowing that Steve is no longer with us.  I always look forward to his presentations when a new product was introduced, and looked forward to what was coming next.   He will be truly missed by people he never knew. Thanks Steve for Apple, and all that it stands for.
Steve Jobs  was an example to all, that the gift of creativity was meant to be utilized to the fullest, and not to be wasted. He utilized every last bit of creativity in him up to the very end  and in so doing left behind for us tremendous gifts and a tremendous legacy.  RIP Steve.
I really admire Steve Jobs. I couldn't think of a better CEO than him. I work in the IT industry and wished I could have worked under him. He will never be forgotten. His memories and contributions will live on and on. May he rest in peace.
Steve's vision and hard work has transformed my world and rest of the world.  Things that we now take for granted and use in our daily lives are his gift  to this world. My family feels the pain of losing such a wonderful person. He, to me, is a l egend who shares the same importance in world as Einstein and Ford hold.  Steve will always be remembered and be part of our lives and his life be celebrated in his work and innovation.  Celebrating Steve's life and work.
As a famous man once said, “it is ideas that mark the forward progress of mankind, not battles.”  Steve Jobs was a man of dreams and visions and made a great difference to our world.  We owe him a lot.  His ideas will continue to live on and grow.   Thank you, Steve Jobs, and we will miss you.
Thank you for connecting us. For entertaining us. For putting a song   in our pockets. For teaching my Mother to text. I love you, Steve   Jobs. RIP.
My respects to all who will miss this uniquely brilliant man.  He has been a hero to our entire family.  Our homes and our businesses thrive on Apple's superb products.  With deepest sympathy.
My husband and I are feeling very sad to know that Steve Jobs, passed away. Please convey our Condolences to all his love ones and to Apple. May he rest in blissful peace. May he be in heaven. He did the world a great deed and service. I know that, without my iPhone3, I would not have been able to manage thru a long illness and serious chronic pain, along with countless health issues. I will always be very grateful for the innovations that he brought forth. The iPhone is my rescue, during the long hours of pain, loneliness, sleepless nights. It's the only thing that helps me keep my mind occupied, day/night in and out. Thank you, Steve Jobs. We will miss you. May the Lord bestow blessing, upon blessings on your soul, forever and ever. We will alway pray for you. We love  you!!!
At a time when American Industry has badly lost its way, Steve set a  shining example of excellence and success by the plain and simple virtue  of envisioning great products, and then making that vision  happen---without compromise. While everyone else was racing to the  bottom, Steve marched Apple to the mountain top. Thank you Steve, for  showing us real productivity isn't about accounting tricks. It's about  innovation, quality, and design.
Thank You Steve..... Me and my family will always remember you. Thank You for everything you gave us, your visions, your inspiration, you're ways of never giving up.                                                             Thank You
RIP thank you Mr Jobs for  changing the way we connect to our Music and the World! Your visions and  your dreams changed my life made things a whole lot simple from my  first iPod to my Mac to my iPhone thank you and you will surely be missed!  RIP Steve Jobs!
Steve and Apple have inspired me immeasurably.  For this, I am indebted,  and endeavor to inspire others in my life.
Steve Jobs was an amazing person and a visionary. He made apple what it  is and it will never be the same apple.
Steve,  I may have never met you but you have inspired me and pretty much every other techie in the world through your devices, computers and the media. Every year I looked forward to the events to see what you and Apple come up with. I may not own a Apple computer But I do have an iPhone 4 and a iPod Classic, which I wouldn't trade for any other device out there. One day I will have a mac book and look back and think... Steve Jobs was a part of this amazing device and everything else Apple has come up with. I'm sorry to hear you are gone, your are in a better place now and your don't have to suffer from all the pain anymore. R.I.P for Jobs, the greatest techie of all!  --  Thank you
My condolences to his family and the people who worked with. Thank you Steve  for everything. Rest in Peace.
For sure you will be in our life forever...
Steve Jobs was an extraordinary leader, he had vision, unlimited passion, and a persistence that was unmatched. He took a company that was dying with stocks below $10.00 and grew it with products that were revolutionary in customer experience and features to a stock of $400.00+. Who does that? He will be missed and he deserves his place in history as a visionary that never accepted - it cannot be done - and made it happen.
Dear Family &amp; Friends of Steve Jobs,     I'm so sorry for our loss. Though I never met him, Steve touched my life with his brilliance and technology, and changed the way I communicate. He stayed on the job to the limit of his endurance. He gave everything.    God bless you all.
I came back to my MacBook hoping for a good time on the internet looking up little Apple and tech rumors around the net. When I opened up Safari and went to Yahoo to see some news articles. I saw that Steve Jobs had passed. My heart completely fell down into a terrible mood. I then went to another website that hosts Apple rumors and read a more detailed article. I read the quotes from Steve's family and many others like Tim Cook. And my heart fell even more. I soon began to tear up. And as a junior in high school I didn't know much of Steve when I was young. But when I was introduced into the technology world. I began to look up to Steve and he was my Hero and Inspiration. The news of Steve's death has devastated me greatly. But as a student, I must strive and continue on in my studies to become an engineer at Apple and uphold Steve's legacy. Steve will always be in my heart and will forever be my hero. Rest in Peace my hero,                                                                                          Steve Jobs 1955 - 2011
I feel quite struck by the passing of Steve. He was simply a great man and unique visionary.     A fitting memorial would be with the introduction of the Iphone 4S just yesterday, would be to produce a special version of this phone named "Iphone 4SJ".     This would be the best way to remember this great man.
My condolences for whole family!!!
You have made a change in my life. Your words from Stanford Commencement Speech will make a change in my children's life too. These are the proof of your life. The changes in others.  Please rest in peace.
I will miss you Mr. Jobs. Your products have changed my life and brought people into my life that I love and care for. I will continue to support and service macs for as long as I live. Thank you for being such an amazing human.
Steve Jobs: A great genious! I'm your fan. I'm APPLE''s fan.  God bless you and your family.
Rest in Peace Steve you were a true revolutionary to this new and  beautiful world of technology.
Steve Jobs was always an inspiration for me. His attitude, commitment  and vision of the future was indescribable to our mankind. His  determination and perspective into changing the world by techonolgy is  far beyond imaginable. Steve Jobs will never be forgotten, he has marked  his name on Earth in the most influential and positive way possible.  Thank you for everything, we will never forget you. His fight for life  and courage to keep going, it constantly reminds us to never give up.  His long journey is also an inspiration for us that success does not  come easy, you have to earn it and work hard to deserve it. There is so much to say about Steve Jobs, but I think the words that  best describe our admiration for Steve Jobs is, Thank You. You have  changed the world.
I remember when I saw my first apple computer at the age of 7. It was a Macbook that had photo booth running on it. I thought that it was the coolest thing that I had ever seen, but now at the age of 13, I've learned how much more apple means than a computer with "fun little photo programs"! I've been using various apple products with my photography, video editing, and music making. What Steve has done to this company is just plane awesome! Things without Steve will be different, but I know apple can only get better! I someday  hope to work for apple, but until that day comes, you have my full support!
I just wanted to say that my life would not be as rich and simplistic (in a good way) if it had not been for the person and mind of Steve Jobs. The world has lost a truly great entrepreneur.
Thank you. You changed the world for the better. God bless. Blessing of comfort for his family.
Genius.
As a college student currently struggling with my own medical ailment, Steve's determination and resolve through obstacles over the course of his career is a constant reminder of how powerful passion – whether for a lifestyle, an art, or a dream – can be. As steve said, "Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick. Don't lose faith. I'm convinced that the only thing that kept me going was that I loved what I did."
Steve We are all remember you, remember everything you have done before for apple for all apple products and employees and fans. please take care of yourself in your world that you going to. We will miss you!
Rest In Peace Steve Jobs
I feel very very sad when I got to know Steve Jobs has passed away. And I want to say no matter who is CEO of apple, I will support apple anyway forever.  I will always remember Steve Jobs. Thanks to him, I changed my life. Now  I am using my ipad2 to send an email just for memory the man who was so great that worth the whole world remember him.
Steve Jobs was the person who I knew during my time in high school in Japan, and has inspired me in many, many ways with unfathomable depth and gravity.  His speech at Stanford University was the one that encouraged me most to study hard and keep advancing. My first encounter with his speech was in my favourite English teacher's class, and it seemed firstly not really interesting. The more I listened to it, however, the more I was enchanted and inspired to my backbone. I'm pretty sure I was the one that liked and admired Steve most in my class, and I even now continue to listen to his legendary speech as a part of my study of English and the lifelong memorable quote ever in my life. "Stay Hungry, Stay Foolish."  As I enrolled in Waseda University and started anew, I gradually forgot the quote. I got tied up with my works and I was about to lose my goals and motives, which was of course created by the quote. Notwithstanding, I now have realized again why I struggled hard to enter the university and what I wanted to do in my life, just like Steve wanted students of Stanford to be, and my teacher wanted me to be.  Steve's death did make me cry. I haven't experienced this kind of sadness in the last 18 years I have lived. He was too great to die and to leave the world behind. I shall never forget Steve and his spirit. I appreciate what "Stay Hungry, Stay Foolish" means and what I am supposed to learn and what I will do.  My great thanks to Apple that gave me the opportunity to present my feelings and I would like to extend my heartfelt condolences for the loss of the legendary man in the history of mankind.  RIP for Steven Paul Jobs, "Stay Hungry, Stay Foolish" forever.
Steve, I absolutely sorry about your death, the world lost one of the  biggest  visionaries. Thanks for your contribution to my world.  Rest in Peace.
Sad day indeed, His soul was and will always be with Apple, the legend shall  continue to live on !!!
We are truly blessed to have shared our time on Earth with Steve Jobs.
Such a sad day.  I just want to say you have one of the best client's service and it's probably because of Mr. Jobs and his philosophy.  My sincere condoleances to his family and the Apple family.
All my life I've been listening how great were apple's products and how amazing was Steve Jobs', as a creator and as person. But I didn't have the chance to have a Mac. Along the years, my desire to have an Apple product increased and my affection for Steve Jobs as well. I became a big fan of him, though I didn't have a Mac.	So, when I read the news, I got sad, really sad. We lost a genious, a fabolous creator of amazing products and a great person. But, he left whole world of ideas, and above all an example for all the people: Mac or PC, American or Brazilian, Rich or Poor. He left a legacy of love and innovation for all of us. Wherever you are, thank you Steve Jobs.
Goodbye, Steve. Thank you for showing us the possible, and that it is so wonderful.
I only knew Steve Jobs through a succession of Apple products and services from an early iMac, a Classic iPod, a newer sleeker iMac and lastly an iPad2.  Each new Apple that came into my life allowed me to use technology to enhance living without my having to know the technical details or computer language behind the product or service.  Apple and Steve Jobs always kept the end user in mind and recognized that although most Apple users were not computer or software experts they knew how Apple products and services could take their own vision to a higher plane.  My thoughts and sympathy to the Jobs family and his colleagues at Apple.
I grew up with Apple products, literally from the beginning. I met Steve  only a few years ago at the opening of the Apple Store on 5th Avenue. He  seemed so young and energetic as he came down the translucent spiral  staircase to his brand new sub-street level masterpiece. Thank you for  everything, Steve. Live Different.
Rest In Peace, Steve.
You're at a level of great geniuses of mankind, God has a good place for you. My condolences.
In 1984 I was in kindergarten and took my very first DOS Apple computer  class.  It was a big deal and I was so excited about everything I  learned!  Years later at the age of 34 I am still an Apple girl and  always will be.  I was so sad to learn of Steve Jobs's passing and will  be praying for strength and peace for his family during this difficult  time.
Thank you for your genius and those great products and ideas.  You have changed our lives...  We will miss you... A lot.
It led to me being cofounder of Shutterfly and several other companies.  And being the first investor in Twitter.  Steve brought me the reality of believing in a new future.
As i Watched iJustine shed tears about Steve and talk about how he influenced her life and changed her life, i thought about what he did for mine. I think he changed mine as well, If not for him, and the rest of the creators at apple, my love for music would not have been as big, music is the most important thing in my life, if i was never introduced to iPods and stuff, i honestly don't know where i would be, it's the only music device i will ever use. I know my story isn't very impressive or anything but i felt i had to share it with the people who inspired me to be the way i am. I will never forget the thing he or any of the other creators have done for me. My condolences for his family and friends, and to all the other people he's inspired like myself.
Please don't let anyone get away without letting America know, that millions of people owe their jobs, as they exist in their current status, with the personal computer that sets on their desks, to the entire genius of Apple's people and Steven Paul Jobs. Many need to know Steve, years ago, was openly honest about the three revolutions he saw in the Xerox lab: the mouse, the GUI (drop down menus), and the computer network. His ability to see genius in others and other people's creations is perhaps, his most hidden legacy. Steve set the tone of vision, inventiveness, and creativity which the genius of Apple's people manifested. All your efforts, Apple, have been a true Blessing on America and the World. May God give Apple and related companies the grace and favor for continued genius and success for the next thousand years.
I'd like to pay my condolences to Steve's family and friends - a world  of friends, interconnected thanks to the technology Steve pioneered.   We've all lost a visionary. His work made a lot of people's lives  better, and that's what we should all aspire to.
“Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life. Don’t be trapped by dogma — which is living with the results of other people’s thinking. Don’t let the noise of others’ opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become. Everything else is secondary.”  Thank you for all that you've done, Steve.  The world won't be the same without you.
Steve Jobs will be missed. He was an innovator, inventor and visionary in our life time. He changed the world just as Thomas Edison did from previous generations. He invented something we didn't know we needed and now we can't do without it. Thank you Steve for your hard work and dedication to making a difference in the world.
I know what it's like to lose someone close to me well before they should be gone - I was 17 when I lost my mother to cancer. My deepest condolences go out to Steve's family, his friends, and all of those he touched - including all the employees of Apple. It's hard to lose a loved one and a leader and he was too young to go, despite it being his time.  Under Steve's tutelage, Apple brought the world into the era of space-age computing - things that, so far, you'd only seen in Star Trek and other futuristic sci-fi movies.  I remember being in elementary school (late 80s, early 90s), using the early Macintosh computers for programs like LOGO and having it spit giant floppy discs back at me when you didn't turn the lever all the way. And then watching my school district upgrade when Apple put out more products. When I was a sophmore in college, I bought my first iBook with the money I earned from my work-study job. In 2007, after working at UPS for many months to save up the money, I stood in line for 13 hours to be 4th in line for the iPhone - and I got it. I now work in advertising - an industry where the need for digital superiority mandates that Apple products be the *only*option.  I grew up using the products of Steve's imagination and continue to use them to this day and will forever be a loyal Apple fan. He made this world a better place with his innovative spirit and the world is most certainly at a loss.  I hope Steve's family and the Apple family can find peace in this difficult time. My prayers are with you.   Sincerely,
Thanks to Steve Jobs. His vision changed my  life. Made it better. Help me achieve my potential. My success.  Thank you.  Rest in peace.
Steve Jobs is gone, we will miss him. Thanks for everything you did. RIP
Truly apple has lost a great mentor and genius who has become one of the reasons why Apple has succeeded over other biggies. I thank you Steve for being part of every one. You will always be part of us. thank you so much. God bless
From my deep Heart i wish his family/friends in this dark hour all the best.   Rest in Peace Mr. Jobs, you were so brilliant and You have a special Place in our Heart!  My sincere condolence.
Steve, you will be remembered fondly. Your work, your vision, your life  has changed the world and me. Thank you Mr. Jobs for your dedication to  passion and sharing it with everyone.
Thanks for the iphone Steve RIP
I never knew Steve personally, and I always sort of imagined him as a somewhat Godlike figure; I had no idea what he did every day, had a vague picture of him in my head but no concrete one, and he seemed awesome, but I couldn't know for sure. From what I've read, not only was he an innovative genius with global power, but a pretty cool guy in person. RIP Steve Jobs - the definer of a generation.
We have now just starting to experience the Apple world. We think Apple  is not just a computer or a music device, it is the whole new level of  technology.  Because of Steve, Apple would never exist. We would like to  say thank you for giving us the knowledge and pleasure to work with his  creation.  We will never forget Steve.   Thank you again!
Thanks Steve.. for all your brilliance..
We Love you Sir Mac!
You were the one person I just had to meet, guess I'm late, sorry for being late, and thank you for all that you have done, for the rest of us…  my sincerest condolences to all of you at apple who had the awesome opportunity to know and work with him, and most importantly to his wife and children, remember his words and cherish the time you had.
My sympathy and prayers for all.   May God grant you comfort and peace.
I am sad Steve is gone but his memory shines brightly every day.
I found out about his death on an iPhone.  I shared the news with  friends, and am sending this remembrance now, on a Macbook.  What an  incredible loss.  A brilliant mind is forever gone.  But his legacy  lives on in his company and in the people who use his products everyday.
Thanks Steve for creating such a marvelous company that has changed the  world we live in.  Your charisma and way of presenting products will be  missed, along with your genius innovations.  Every time I use one of my  many Apple products, I will always think of you!  Rest in peace, and my  condolences to your family as well.
Je me rappelerai toujours de mon premier ipod. C'était révolutionnaire et ce fut inventé par un génie. Merci pour nous avoir donné tout ce que tu as fait   RIP Steve Jobs!
It's really hard to listen to this news , I think it's black day for me and for Apple , everything remind me Steve , I'll remember you all my life.
Apple, you have lost a great man. I am so sorry. If not for him, I would  not be typing on my Macbook Pro right now. Thank you Steve Jobs.
Thank you Steve for bringing new things into our life, not just products, but the way we used them. You will be missed and remembered, not just for what  you did, but what you represent: Life is worth living for.
Just the other day I listened to a college graduation speech  Jobs made at Stanford a few years ago via youtube. Sitting in the car,  on my way to another groggy day of high school, I was browsing through  some videos and came across Steve's speech. At first I thought, "Well  this will be pretty boring, but I'll give it a try". As I listened, I soon became intrigued with Steve's point of view and story. He was  genuine about what he believed in and what he did, and he sounded like  he loved it. I loved the idea of that. Instead of following "the right  track" and basing my life on what the college counselors and adults say,  I follow what I love to do. My true passion is to become a political  journalist, partly because of what Steve Jobs has said in his speech at  Stanford, and I have to thank Steve for that.  Hearing about his passing  really is upsetting, the world just lost someone of a species that is  truly rare...a man who just loves what he does, genuine love for his  job. Jobs was passionate about his job, and it shined through in that  speech. I give my true and sincere condolences to Steve's family, and to  the Apple community. The world has lost an icon, and a true inspiration  for young adults like me.
Apple has defined who I am and what I have become.  Without Steve Jobs I  would not be the man I am today. May he rest in peace.
He was a visionary, he was ahead of his time. it takes great men like him to see the world for not what it is, but for what it can be.  --                            God Bless
I'm a fan from China.I feel sorry for the death of Steve.May he have the pea ce.
I am so saddened to hear that Steve Jobs passed away.  My sincere condolences to Apple and especially Steve Job's family for your loss.  Steve's vision and clarity of thought  changed the world and has made life much better for us. Thank you Steve.
It is really shocking for me hear the news. I still remember you hosted the road show for iPad 2. But now we lost you. Thank you for bringing lots of fun and joy to me. And I hope Apple can still make amazing products. Thanks Jobs.
Dear Mr Jobs,  Thank you for your amazing ability to read what society needed and wanted in every inovation you ever created.  My life is better because of you.  RIP friend.
Steve made the digital world a better place!
Dear Apple,  I am deeply saddened to learn of the passing of Mr. Steve Jobs. His innovation changed my life. I prayed for him and his family. My God bless him.
Don't know how to express my condolences to the Jobs family.  He was one of the greatest men to ever grace this planet. He will be forever missed, yet his memory will live on through his contributions both through Apple and his philanthropic contributions. Rest in peace
Steve was the DNA of Apple and will be a huge void in our lives.  Condolences to Steve’s family and may God rest his soul.
Steve Jobs made that me believe that one man can make a difference.   He will forever be a modern day Aesop's fable for my children.   Rest in peace,
Apple products have revolutionized the way we communicate today. I saw it first hand as I grew up. And Steve was at the forefront of it. He was an inspiration to an entire generation. The world today is a remnant of his vision. I can only heartily thank Steve. The world will sorely miss you.
Your products have made such an impact on my life and so many of my family and friends. You will be sorely missed. I will pray for you and your family.
Dear Friends,   it is a great loss we had to face, when we saw the news on television.   Steve was a great visioner and what we most admired, that he always thought of people and their needs, making their lives more valuable and showing us also how we can think about business and how business can be made.   Passion, emotion, a beautiful mind - we will miss him very much.
I've shed a tear of joy for you my Idol, for you may now rest in peace and  knowing that the world is a better place because of you.
Steve Jobs was a inspiring person who had touched the hearts of  many. His enthusiasm for his work showed a form of caring towards  others. He changed so much of our lives as a whole that it feels as if  he was in everyones family in someway. My heart and especially others of  the world go out to the Jobs family and their suffering the whole world  is mourning the loss of a man with great inspiration and triumph.
I am new to the Apple Family. I work in Apple Retail. Although I have only been with the company since November of 2010, there was a connection to Mr Jobs that is unexplainable. I recall on our 10th anniversary a video played at a meeting to commemorate the occasion. Mr Jobs said something that still rings in my ears.... It's the employees of Apple that make up the special sauce..... Steve built the recipe, he gave us the tools and the resources to make the sauce. My wish is that his vision continues to exceed all expectations. I am in my mid 50's... I work with a a wonderful eclectic group of young, intelligent folks. The brilliant youth of today has found a home, a safe haven within the Apple Community... the demographic is wide and accepting within our walls of white, glass and great lighting. Thank You Mr Jobs, for giving us the bright, the strange, the geek, the nerd, the mom, the retiree a home without bias!
You are a true visionary and knew what I wanted before I even knew it myself. The energy, attention and love for each detail can be physically felt when using each and every Apple product.   Your talent and magic touch will be sorely missed.  God Bless you and your family,
Thank you for showing me the beauty in technology, Steve... The world will truly miss your genius.    RIP Steve.
I will never  again worship any leader of one of the biggest IT companies on this planet. Steve Jobs was the greatest. His creations will stand for decades. (I envy you guys who knew him.) He will not be forgotten... Hope the best for his wife and children. May he rest in peace.
I want you to know you revolutionized my life since 2005 and I want to thank you for that... You were part of my trips, my memories, you were and will be always around.  Thank you.
Thank you Steve for giving us so many amazing things in our lives.  I can say that our lives will never be the same and we have definitely become better because of it.  You have given us the opportunity to grow world wide as an Apple family.  Our bond transcends all race, sex and boundaries world wide.
Steve, i wish you were still here working on the next project for apple. you were awesome and i will remember you every time i click my iPhone on.
There is truly nothing that can be said. This man shaped much so much of  our world that we know of today.
First of all I want to give my condolences to the family Jobs, only knowledge of this great man, his intelligence and willpower to tackle all problems of life, I think it's what his genius technological transfer.
Thank you. Thank you for everything.
I am just one of the many, many Apple customers, but I want to express my deepest sympathy to all those who lost a friend and family member in Mr. Jobs.  May peace find you all.
I followed Steve and his company from the first days of the Mac and my  first Mac Plus purchase. I always admired the man, his company and the products. I thank him for the products he brought to my home and business. I will miss seeing him at new product introductions.  Gold Bless you Steve!
Thank you for being a positive, visionary, and innovative influence in  my life.  I will do my best to follow your example of excepting only the  best of everything and never giving up at everything I do.  Thank you  for changing the world through Apple.  Thank you for saving Pixar.  You  will be missed, and I am honored to have known about you. One More Thing...        You were the Best.
RIP Steve Jobs - you re-wrote how technology is used and will be used...
To a man of technology,  to a man of inspiration,  to a man of innovation  and finally to just a great man.  Steve Jobs will be missed immensely.
The world of technology has lost an absolute masterpiece of a genius. A man that is truly the definition of forward-thinking. His ambition, his passion for success and the human heart will forever be missed. A man that taught us that the only way a product could become successful is to merge technology and the liberal arts. Where the immersion of technology becomes magical and truly enriches lives. This day will forever be remembered as the day technology stood still and watched it's leader leave us. Leaves us a legacy to build upon, a vision to continually pursue and give others the opportunity to be great. I believe in his vision. I believe in his spirit. I believe in Apple.  We'll miss you Steve. You'll forever be remembered.
I can't stop crying. Steve is the reason I am where I am. I love you Steve.  What do I say? Steve may God rest your soul peace my friend, my mentor, me  everything.  Apple customer for life
Hello and my name is Scott. My thoughts are with Steve Jobs and his family. Everyone should be thankful for the life Steve Jobs lived. His ideas, marketing, the intuition of what Apple was capable of, changed lives. Apple is a power house. I remember when I made my switch and it was the 3rd best decision of my life. Steve Jobs knew the need for technology, and had the desire to fullfill dreams, at which he did. Many people in this world have done many great things. Steve Jobs changed several industries in the world with a spark of his brain and the confidence to make it happen. Steve Jobs, you are laid to rest. Rest your body and slow your mind and know this. Apple is the most powerful, the most beautiful, the most advanced computer system in the entire world. Well done.
Our thoughts and prayers are with the Jobs Family. A true innovator will truly be missed.
This is a loss of a true genius and visionary in today's technological age. Its a sad day, and condolences to his family, friends and loved ones.
I'm so sorry for the loss of such a visionary. Apple will continue to be strong.  Godspeed Steve
We are sorry for your loss, Mr. Jobs was an amazing human and He will be  missed. Thank you Mr. Jobs for having shared your gift to US all.  Our Deepest Condolences to the Jobs Family.
Steve Jobs be a symbol of revolution and imagination, create a new world, search to inovation, Steve be the only in the world that change the possibilities, In memory of our SYMBOL, Ipad's Dad. The Man than I believe, The Man than I follow...Steve Forever...In our memories
When your light is as bright as Steve Jobs it really shines in this world forever.  Michelangelo, Edison, Alexander Graham Bell and now Steve Jobs leave the world a better place.  Condolences to all.
A man with vision and guts!  What a wonderful contribution to the world!  His memory lives on as does his work albeit from a different dimension.  RIP and work from above pain free and with continued purpose.
The life and death of Steve Jobs illuminates the profound effect one   person can have on the lives of untold others.  As a loyal Apple   customer, my own life would be incredibly different without his   brilliant contributions to personal computing and communications.    Please convey my deepest condolences to his family, friends, and   colleagues.
Now i'm using this MacBook and typing these sentences with sorrow. R.I.P. Steve Jobs. Thank you for giving us the products that we can never imagine.
An enormous loss made less painful by the wonderful way he changed our lives. I choose toremember the images of a youthful Stevewhen he showed us things we never dreamed of.
From my first Apple II thirty years ago to the Macintosh on my lap   right now, Apple has been with me for most of my life.  Thank you   Steve for sharing your life with all of us and enhancing our lives   through your vision.
Thank you for enabling our creative genius.  Your spirit will live  forever in our work and dreams.
THANKS Steve Jobs!
From Lima, Peru. My condolences to the family and friends, for the lost of one of the greatest genius of the world.
Upon learning of Mr. Steve Jobs death I became sad and emotional.  Our small company recently migrated to all Apple products both behind the walls of our office and in the operating rooms delivering care to our patients.  Without Mr Jobs vision and determination such wonderful life giving instruments would not have been developed.  Steve I admire your passion for making a difference in the lives of this world.  Such a shinning example for all of us to follow.  "We have but one chance in this world, when opportunity presents itself to help and assist our fellow man, seize the moment, embrace the struggle with passion and never quit while striving to accomplish a difference".  May God's light of peace shine down upon the Jobs family and friends.
Well, sorry if my english is bad, im from Venezuela, and well, i think that Steve was one of that persons that changed our worlds :/ in so many ways, id never knew him, i never will, but i just know that the world has lost a great person and a brilliant mind, our life its so easy thanks to his inventions and ideas! Its hard to believe that this happened! but well, hes better now! At last he’s resting!
I was fortunate enough to live in the US as a child when my mother went to graduate school, the first computer I laid hands on was an Apple IIe and it changed the way I perceived the world. Now I am 38 and father of two children who cherish Steve's vision, we as a family enjoy all that Pixar has created and both in home and work rely on and savor the idea of using our Ipad's , Iphone's, Ipod's, MacBook's, Mac Mini's and Xserve.  Thank you Steve, your genius, your ability to think outside the box, your willingness to push the limits have made our lives much better and have pushed the whole industry forward.  We hold your memory close to our hearts
Steve, with your brilliant talented gift this world become much much better than we thought. Deeply thanks from the bottom of my heart.
The life of a machead, a devotee, has not been an easy road to travel.  Engrained early in my life was a love of all things Apple.  First, my Apple II+; then, my mac SE.  I remember Steve leaving the company, and how hard of a struggle it was for those of us scattered throughout the world, still clinging to the hope that Apple could see through its dark days.  Meanwhile, Steve was out there, developing his NeXT computer.  When he returned to Apple, it was, quite literally, the Return of the King.  Trumpets heralded his return.  At least in my head.  That he was able to take Unix, his NeXT model,  and Pixar into this century are testaments to his dedication and visitation.  I will always cherish my Mac Cube, most of all.  It had a purity of design, and the coolest power button ever.  That was all Steve.  I am glad I have stayed a machead my entire life.
The most beautiful wreath to change the world giant! Great sorrow! Relatives of grief!
The world has lost a creative genius, but has gained a brilliant angel. His  family and friends are in my thoughts and prayers. Steve was a brilliant man and the world will never be the same without him. Thank you Steve Jobs for everything you have given us. I've only ever owned Macintosh products and will never go to anything else. You will forever be missed.
I'm sorry to hear about Steve; as it will be said many times over, he truly changed the world and he will forever be missed.  Steve, through Apple, revolutionized the way we do everything, from making a call, to chatting with family and friends, to telling the story of people all over the world through video and music. He made the computer personal in ways that words cannot describe and for that we shall forever be grateful.
RIP Steve Jobs.. Although I did not personally know Mr. Jobs, he have  inspired me to be great. Thank you for changing the way I listen to  music, talk to my family and friends and making my job easier. You are a  visionary that will be missed.
Many thanks to Steve Jobs for creating products which have enabled me   to better live my life as a teacher &amp; to pursue my dream of being an   artist &amp; writer... &amp; hundreds of millions of other people too! I   believe Mr. Jobs stands without equal in our lifetime as a visionary   genius. Certainly, there are other creators of products... many   business managers but not one who possesses the style &amp; dignity that   have made Apple what Apple is... GREAT!
I am deeply sorry for this huge loss, as a loyal apple fan and user this  is truly sad day. My condolence to Mr. Jobs' Family and Friends.
This is to his family:  I am very sorry for your loss. Steve was a great man. May he live on  forever in your hearts.
What do I write? You were an inspiration to me. You completely changed the way I approached everything.  I found myself quoting you without realizing it, not because I knew everything about you, but because the few times you spoke it was so meaningful. You have changed my life more than you will ever know and I hope I can in some way impact the world as you did.  My condolences to your family.
Anybody who knows me knows that since my purchase of an Apple Lisa computer - the forerunner of the Macintosh - in late 1983, I have been a devoted customer of, and yes, stockholder in Apple. I frankly would not want to count how many Apple computers, iPods, iPhones, etc. etc. I have owned in the last 28 years.   These products have been for me more than just tools or toys or gadgets. I can honestly say that much of what I have accomplished in my life has been directly connected to how, in the words of Apple marketing slogans, they encouraged me to "think different(ly)" and gave me "the power to be your best."  Today's passing of Steve Jobs isn't just the loss of another corporate CEO. Most of us don't have a single original idea in our lives. A handful of people have one original idea, and enjoy great success. Steve Jobs literally changed the world four times: 1) He is, at very least, the co-father of the personal computer and its reinventor with the Macintosh; 2) His ownership of Pixar has led to the most staggering string of high-quality, critically and commercially successful animated movies in history; 3) The iPod and iTunes have radically changed the way virtually all of us listen to music; 4) The iPhone and the iPad have defined mobile computing and communications for our age.  Steve Jobs had the power to dream with his eyes wide open, and in his own words, skate to where the puck was going to be. He changed our world and our lives, even for those who have never used an Apple product. And in an era when so much seems to be broken, he gave us all a glimpse of what it is like for something to "just work."  The world won't be the same without him.  Ralph
Put the Think Different tag line on his home page picture. He certainly belongs with everyone else in that apple ad campaign
The world will miss you Steve.  I'll never forget the joy and opportunities that you and your company have given to me.  My sincerest condolences to the rest of the Jobs family as they go through this very tough time.
An inspiration to billions.
Steve Jobs he was Apple. A visionary that will be truly missed.  Our condolences to his family.
Steve you changed my life.  You'll be greatly missed.
you have touched me with all your works and principles in life... you amazed me on how you stand in all your downfalls...  you move me with this statement...  "I’m convinced that the only thing that kept me going was that I loved what I did.  You’ve got to find what you love.  And that is as true for your work as it is for your lovers.  Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work.  And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven’t found it yet, KEEP LOOKING. DON’T SETTLE."  thank you steve jobs.. may you Rest in Peace... you'll be remembered FOREVER...
iPhone and MacBook made my life much better. I'll never forget Steve. Sleep peacefully.
<div>I'm feel terrible. My condolences to the family and Apple. I very sad about this. I can't believe it.</div>
I'm truly very sad to hear the news.  I have never met Steve but I know how much he loved life. I just watch on CNN his video in a college graduation and it made me think about my life and how to make it better for me and those around me that love me. He will always be remembered. May God be with his family and his coworkers.
Thanks for being you!  In an era dominated by corporate and organizational systems, where individual creativity and responsibility have given way to collective and irresponsible systems, you have been a shining light; a beacon of the supreme power of the individual, the artist, motivated to change lives, irrespective of the maddening crowd.  I only hope your were not the last of a kind ... Take care.
You were a visionary! You made the world change!  God bless you!
Steve has been an inspiration to so many who he never knew.  We all   loved him,  his creative mind and how he made life so easy for us with   his products.  My son worked for Apple, and based on his training   (help the customer to buy what they need and not what they think they   want),  says volumes for the integrity of the company.  My family is   sadden by this loss and for his family and those who were close to   him.  We will pray for all of you.
I would like to offer my condolences to Steve's family, friends and work colleagues.  While I never had the opportunity to meet Steve personally, I am more than a ware of the way that he changed the game. Steve was an innovator and knew how to get things done. Apple have lost a visionary, a true genius.  Steve brought about many changes in the computing world, we all know what a mouse is (thanks Steve). We all know what an iPod is. Many people own something he had creative insight on.  While Apple will continue on strong, I hope they are able to continue on stronger knowing that Steve's memory will never be forgotten by all those who ever purchased or used an Apple device. The proud, the humbled and the grateful.  Thank you Steve, my wishes are with everybody who knew this wonderful man.
My heart is filled with much sadness. I am so sorry. He will live on in  our lives for many many many years.
Thanks to you I liked computers when I was 8 years old. Thanks to you I confirmed I wanted to get into IT back in college. Thanks to you my life is simpler. The world has lost one of his biggest.  Thanks for everything.
When I was 3, my father bought our family an Apple II+. It is the only significant thing I remember about being three years old. Now I am 35 and my daughter is 2. Her first words were 'ma' (as in more food), followed by 'mommy/dada', followed by 'iPhone'. What a profound effect Steve Jobs and all of Apple have had on my life and now on my daughter's life. Keep up the great work Apple and please keep breathing life into Steve's vision, your vision.
He was a great man! He changed the world of the tec. Thank you for all! I remembered the speech in Stanford, what a great speech and knowledge of live! THANK YOU FOR ALL THE GREAT THINGS YOU HAVE DONE FOR US!   R.I.P STEVE JOBS!
Thank you for reminding us to keep on searching... We always will.. RIP Steve
Thank you for the vision and courage.
I've only been an Mac user for 3 years, but in that time, Steve Jobs influence on Apple products and technology has changed my life.  Today, my career is centered around developing software for devices Steve helped bring into the world, using technologies he introduced us to.  I owe my success to his inspiration and his vision.  Here's to the crazy one.
I remember how happy I was when Steve Jobs returned to Apple Computer to resurrect it. When the the iMac came out, I jumped at the chance to help promote it working as an in-store rep. Steve changed everything and we will always think different because of him.
On behalf of my family, please accept our sincerest condolences.  Steve  Jobs will be remembered as a innovator to the technology world.
The world has just lost a genius, he was amassing, the creator of many  great things and a legend. I WILL REMEMBER STEVE JOBS!!
Steve:  I am sad to hear of your passing, you brought so much joy and light into this world. I have been part of your vision from afar.  travel well brave soldier you will be long missed and never forgotten.
Thanks for all of the incredible technology you shared with the world. Your entire story is the American dream in action. I am inspired by your dedication. It reminds me of how I can do anything with my life and make a difference  in the lives of others. You will be truly missed sir.
My thoughts and prayers are with Steve Jobs' family. He was such a visionary and had such an impact on this generation. Despite being one of the millions of the users of the devices he created, I felt immensely sad and a sense of personal loss at his demise.  May god rest his soul in peace.
You will always be remembered in our heart, for generations to come. Rest in peace Steve. Lest we forget.
Thanks Steve for improving my life and showing how friendly a machine can be.
My mom went to work for Apple when the Apple 2 first came out. We were so excited when you gave her our first computer. Later she worked on the Macintosh program.We were even more excited when you gave her one of the prototypes. It still works today! Thank you for everything you have done for my family by creating this great company.
I can only feel myself grateful to be a user of your work. Thanks for sharing your ideas. Now you are immortal.
Good Bye... Mr. Steve Jobs... You are our Inspiration..... We lost a visionary and creative genius, and the world lost an amazing figure...  Once Again... We always remember you in our heart...
What a sad day for America, the world, and for technology.  Having worked in the technology industry for years, I have always had a great appreciation for Steve's vision, design, and ability to build such an iconic company.  He will truly be missed.
My condolences goes to the family of Steve Jobs. May God Rest Him In Peace.
I just became an Apple-holic and will think of Steve Jobs and his vision each time I use my new Apple products. His passing is a loss to the world but his legacy a gift to the world.  My sympathy to his family and friends.
His live change my life and life of my family as well as all people I know     RIP.
Thank you Steve, thank you! You've been the example that with courage determination and passion dreams come true. Rest in Peace!
You changed my life, made it better! Rest in Peace, Steve.  Stay hungry. Stay foolish.
Thank You, The World Is Better Because Of YOU !
My deepest condolences to the Steve's family and the entire Apple community.  He is already part of this select group of people who transcended and that changed the world.  The memory of Steve is on every one of Apple products we use every day.  The world has lost a genius.
Greg and I send our thoughts and prayers to Steve's loved ones, He truly was a wonderful man, and he will be greatly missed by so many folks.  He will never be forgotten.  It is time for him to rest now.  Rest in Peace Steve.
Steve Jobs you rock. You made the world change for better with your products and May you rest in peace.
I had to save my money for awhile to buy my first (functional) home computer in kit form.  I then had to save my money once again, to buy an Apple II+ when they became available.  The Apple II+ was not my first home computer, in fact it was my third, but it was my first home computer to actually be generally useful, while being intrinsically thrilling.  When the Mac became available I had to save my money once again.    It's been a great experience. Godspeed Steve.
You were a great man, a great genius. I will miss you.
i have never felt technologically adequate, from being a 5 year old kid  who had trouble adjusting his skates to a teenager finding the  carburetor on his vw beetle, but years ago when i jumped into the abyss  and bought an apple computer i followed the printed page inside the box  explaining the four steps to become a "user." 1. take computer out of box. 2. plug into the wall. 3. plug in keyboard  (picture provided) 4. turn on computer. From that day forward i have considered myself technologically capable. thank you Steve Jobs and may you rest in peace, though based on your  past, there will not be much rest but energized times for you and those  in your new existence.
What a great visionary. We will miss the whole man and his wonderful genius.
RIP Steve Jobs thank you for changing our world for the best.  We will miss you forever a real HERO. Words can't explain how sad and how proud I am to have lived through a moment where you made things easier for us humans.
Heaven is a place nearby, so there`s no need to say goodbye.  My great innovator, Steve Jobs*Have a good dream and till we meet again
I know this just a little message, but this sent from my deepest heart, One dreams I wanted the most is to see you on the keynote on some WWDC,  LIVE, someday Even I know it would happen anymore, you've greatly inventing many lifechanging things for this world, And we are greatly and deeply says many thanks for it, Apple wouldn't be an Apple without you, and all the things that we used in this life wouldn't be the same if  there's no Apple.
An incredible visionary that will be greatly missed. Thanks for everything Steve.
I'm greatful for your gifts and my children will benefit, thank you for sharing, it changed my life so many times.
You will be missed greatly. Thanks for all the inspiration for us  designers :)
I didn't think I would feel very affected by Steve's passing. But, as I rushed to my powerbook and saw the news I was moved. This man that I had never met or even slightly knew had changed part of my life. With his vision my profession exists. Graphic Design will forever be indebted to this great innovator. Thank you Steve, I am able to be a freelance artist and a stay at home mom because of your work. My prayers go out to your family in this time of great loss.
I'm so sorry to hear of Steve's passing, he was one of the very few people I have idolized. He will never be forgotten.
Mr. Jobs, thank you for lighting the way and making my life better.
Steve Jobs is an inspiration that will live in our hearts forever. He is a mentor and inspiration for not just Apple Inc., but the  whole world. He has left us inspired and showed us the way by leading us from what-is to what-can-be.
Gracias por todo Steve, pensaste diferente y cambiaste el mundo.      Descanse en Paz.
Steve, thank you for giving an entire generation the power to be their very, very best.   So few have impacted so many.
I'm so sad. After only a week of using my new MacBook Pro, I already understand how  you made this world different, and better.  thanks for everything.
I heart goes out to the Job's family and friends after hearing of their loss. I have been an apple consumer since 1984 and have followed the company since then. I feel a great loss, even though I have never met Mr Jobs, there is a connection to the company and he was the company. It is my hope that the next generation of apple innovators will share the same passion that Mr Jobs had shown and that I try to obtain everyday....because of him.
RIP Steve Jobs,  Best Regards and Condolences to all the Apple Family.
Thanks for open our "i" minds to the dream worlds. Fly to the infinity and beyond Steve.
Pioneer, visionary, humanitarian.  You will be missed.  Rest in Peace.
Thank you not only for your innovations, but also for your wisdom on life that you generously shared with the world.
The very first computer I ever laid my hands on was an IBM compatible  running Windows 3.1. For me then,  I thought that computer  was so  fantastic and awesome. Then when I became a Fashion Illustrator, I was  introduced to the Macintosh, a Quadra 950 to be exact...everything then  changed for me as far as desktop computers are concerned...everything is  so intuitive, easy and gives me more freedom to create! As I became more  fascinated with the Mac, I got to learn more about the two  Steve's....specially Steve Jobs. Not only was he the face of Apple but  he has this simple brilliance in combining sleek design aesthetics and  latest computer innovations...No wonder I later  became a Graphics  Specialist for an Apple Disitributer....kudos to you Mr Jobs...rest in  Apple heaven!  Thank You for all the memories!
I'm really sorry for the world's lost, Steve Jobs was my idol and i'm very sad because of that I will pray for his soul every day              R.I.P STEVE JOBS. YOU WILL BE ALWAYS ON OUR MINDS
Hi Steve....u change my life....have a nice trip...thank you bro...R.I.P.
To his family and friends, all my love, and light. I'm so sorry and so  thankful to him. English is not my language and feelings are hard to  express. May God be with you.
RIP Steve. Thank you for all that you given this world! You will be missed.
I think there is no words who can explain the hole he left in this world, like person, like visionary, like an awesome people, we will miss you... rest in pace...
Hi,        I´m four years older than Steve. I´m engineer. Since I was young, Steve was present in our lives through the development of marvelous products.     The world will remember him like a visionary and a genius and one of the most important personalities in the development of IT.
You changed the lives of many people around the world and consequently made the world a better place. You will be remembered for many generations to come . If the world had more "Steve Jobs", the world would be a much better place. Thank you so much for everything you did for mankind. I am sure mankind will never forget you.
Our deepest thank you to Steve for his ingenuity and vision.  I....we thank you, and believe in Apple.
Our hearts, thoughts, prayers go out to the Jobs family.  We were hoping  Steve would be able to beat his illness.  We are a family of six who have lived through the Macintosh generations  beginning with one of the original Apple Macintosh computers.  We  stepped our way up to the PowerBook G4 and now everyone owns their own  Mac computer, everyone has their own iPhone, and everyone has their own  iPod.  We also own an iPad 2.   How wonderful for us to be living during  this innovative time.  How wonderful the contributions Steve Jobs has  made.  His foresight, his intelligence, his management skills will never  be forgotten.  Thank you Steve Jobs.
I don't have word to say what i feel but i know that the world lost an excepsional person!!  Good bless steve jobs.
Thank you Steve for everything. May your soul rest in peace.
I never knew him personally, but I received the news with deep regret. Surely a man who saw beyond the horizons with a brilliant mind and revolutionary. In his dictionary of words, impossible, certainly not exist. He certainly was a milestone in technology, marketing and the power of both together. Thanks to him we now have devices that are not "just devices." It really changed everything. The iPhone can not be classified as a cell, it is much more than that. After all, an eloquent person, friendly, and someone's sure to be remembered forever. I have no words to say how sad I am to receive the news. My feelings to family, and God help you in this difficult time. Mr. Jobs, great man, great person, and again .... Brilliant. Great loss for humanity, for Apple and for all his fans, like me, who always admired his ideas totally revolutionary. We will miss his magic touch in making the impossible possible.
Steve,  Thank you for being an inspiration.
I just read the news and my immediate thoughts are: Prayers for his family and enormously large circle of people who called Steve Jobs "friend". Realizing how privileged I am to have been on the planet during his amazing influence. Saddened to think we have lost him. Smiling at the inspiration that he will continue to be for generations to come. Just a 48 year old little geek living in a little mountain town.
Steve Jobs,  Thank you for changing the world of computing and mobile devices. We will miss you.
Friends.. im not the most fanatic of apple... but im a iPod fan!!! i'm really sorry.. Steve wasn't a man... he was a Genius!!! this is a sad day.. but all of us have sad days and... there is only one medicine against sad days.... it is Music... and Music for me... is iPod.... thanks for the iPod Steve!!! thanks!!!!!
Steve- You're genuine pride in Apple was contagious, it was my pleasure to do business with you and your company in the small ways that I did.  Rest in peace.
RIP Steve Jobs. Thank you for changing the world. A sad day, but your legacy will influence how we experience our lives forever.
There are very few "celebrities" who, when they pass on, leave me with the feeling that I have lost something dear. Steve Jobs is one of those very few. In fact, the world has lost a man who was a true visionary, a man who helped many of us love technology. I have been a Mac user since 1985 (Mac 512K with a 400K floppy drive), and today own three Macs, two iPods and an iPhone. More importantly, I recognize the creative genius that was Steve Jobs. He created products that I have loved. I can't say that about many people or many things. He will be dearly missed.
I grew up with my dad's Mac in the 80s and remember seeing pictures of Steve. Now I'm at university and whenever I do a presentation on my MacBook I think of Steve's enthusiasm at the Apple Keynotes. I just loved how he loved his work. He showed me how important it is to believe in what you are doing.  Thank you Steve!
We will miss this incredible man. Tks for all the technology and work  you did for the world.
Dear Apple, Today you lost a friend, a companion a genius and someone you will never be able to forget in you lives. Today we all apple fans share this distress with all of you. We know you'll never be able to have someone as him but at least you can get someone that makes the company happy and profitable. Even though we never met him, we know he was a great man with enormous dreams and a great vision to create what is Apple today. He truly succeeded on his goals and still today we know the company will continue to succeed. We share this day of sadness with you. Steve will be remembered all around the world. Love, A huge apple lover.
Steve, you are the real genius of our days.  May your spirit last forever.  Rest peacefully in heaven.   Your loyal follower.
Steve will always be remembered not only as a visionary and a driving force in innovation for technology but an individual with passion who will always be an inspiration to all of us in the tech industry. The world will not be the same anymore and many of us have the challenge to try to fill in those impossible shoes he left behind. I hope everyone in the world understands the huge leap one man created in just 56 short years of life.     My deepest condolences for the family who can be assure they where amazingly lucky to have lived with a GENIUS. I'm humble to have known in my life of an existence of one man who change and inspired everything and everyone.     May you rest in peace my friend Steve Jobs!
My condolences to any loved ones of Steve Jobs,  In US history in school, instead of learning about irrelevant wars and the history of some "american hero", Steve Jobs should be in those text books that we students learn about. We should study how a man of humble beginnings revolutionized the world. Rest In Peace Sir Steve Jobs, earth's greatest mentor.
We live on in our children; Steve lives on in his technology - so many of us carry a part of him in our pocket, have a part of him on our desk, lap and in our lounge room. Steve put a dent in everyone's personal universe in so many ways. CEO's from large companies rarely stir the emotions of their customers - Steve is even unique in death.
As a teenager growing up with during the age of such growth in technology, Apple products have always been revered by as almost sacred by my peers, and admittedly, me. The new iPod, iPhone, and Macbook are always a point of discussion, as well as the genius that came behind it. What kid in America these days hasn’t used an iPod at least once? To say Steve Jobs greatly impacted my generation is an understatement. At least half the class had chosen Mr. Jobs when we were asked to write an essay about an influential person in contemporary times. He will continue to be a legend in the hearts of all of us youth, as an inspiration of innovation and creativity. Thank you, Steve Jobs. May you rest in peace.
To Apple and Steve Jobs's Family,   Steve Jobs was a great mentor in many ways. His philosophy of technology  inspired all of us. His visionary and ideas of creativity live on, especially in the company  that he truly loved. Steve will be greatly missed by many people and he will be always in our  hearts. May our thoughts and condolences go to Steve's family and God bless them  during this hard time of great sorrow.
English is not my first language although I have lived in the country for long time. I have tried to say many things about this sad moment, but none of them came to what I really want to express accurately. I am just sad as I told my son, David, who broke this sad news to me. I just want to say to Steve that "Have a good journey continuing on, Steve!".
Rest in peace and thank you for all your hard work and for all the technology that you made available to humanity.
In Ireland instead of mourning the loss of a life, we celebrate the life  a man lived and talk about what his contributions were.  We will be talking about Steve for some time.  RIP Steve.
Steve has changed the lives of people all over the world! His legacy will continue! Condolences to his family.
Thank you Steve. You've always been an inspiration.
Hey Steve. I know you're no longer with us, but I would like to say that the  world is a little bit emptier from now. The world lost a visionary like no other, who spent his entire life to make other people's lives better with his  brilliant mind making innovative products. we will always miss you. R. I. P.
Steve remains forever with us. Just look for the APPLE LOGO!  There you will find Steve. Our world has been blessed by his brilliance and devotion - He has touched MILLIONS and MILLIONS of people around the world are inspired because of him. Jobs family - Know that the world celebrates Steve's life and grieves his passing, but you are his life and loves, Peace to you.
The innovator of Apple will be sadly missed by billions as he helped sculpt Apple into one of the most innovative and outstanding companies of today. I know I will light a candle for the great man. Thank you Apple!
Steve Jobs was the Tony Stark of our day.  He was a Golden Rod in the midst of copper wires.  He was a true visionary, innovator, and an awe-inspiring human being.  Steve Jobs will always be remembered for the colossal impact he had on the way we use technology.  Rest in iPeace, Steve Jobs.  Thank you for your contribution to humanity.  Thank you.
Rest in peace Steve Jobs. You will be remembered forever.
There are no words to explain the loss and fill the void but his presence and spirit lives on in the way he mastered technology to enrich our very way of life for the betterment of mankind.
Dear Steve,  		I have been working for your company for two and a half  months now and was so excited to work for a company like no other  company in the world.  Our products that we sell put smiles and fill our  customers with joy and excitement.  To see customers play on their first  Apple product puts that excitement in me.  Knowing the products came  from a person like you; you must feel that enjoyment any where you go.   If this company didnt have you we wouldnt be where we are at today as a  company.  You will truly be missed from this company, customers, and me.   I and the rest of this company will still bring the excitement that you  want coming out of this company.
A man who made a huge difference to my life and to those of countless others. He truly changed the world. Condolences
I will be using Jobs' legacy for the rest of my life, as a game and  animation artist, i more than have a deep appreciation and Love for what  he's given me. I am truly sad for that he couldn't live forever, the  world needs someone like him, he is who we should all strive to be.
A brilliant success story: An adopted Syrian-American develops a global phenomenon by following his passion.  A loss not only for the technology industry, but for the world of creative thinkers and innovators. May he continue to follow what lay true to him [The word of Gotama Buddha]
Steve Jobs inspired me in becoming a better person and a harder worker. He has forever changed all of our lives and he will always live in my heart. Thanks Steve for being such a great inspiration and a person.
You have given  "wanderlust spirit" credibility.
You changed my life, for which I will always be grateful.
I’m from china.I just want to say :Your spirit will become a great light for our generation.leading us to better life.although you’ve never been here,on this land.You will live in our heart ,forever.
Dear Steve,  A simple message to acknowledge brilliant man who "conceptualized, simplified and changed the world we live in".  Thank You, You will be missed
Thank You Steve for being such a driving force of creativity and innovation. Thank God for sharing such wisdom among us and showing us how to dream!
It took me a Ramayana and Mahabharatha to realize that GOD can live on earth, and unfortunately now it took a SteveJobs to realize that GOD can die ! "iTunes iPod iPhone iPad and therefore U r with us always StephenJobs" !
Hi,  I have never talked to Steve. I have never spoke to him. But still, he  manages to influence my life. With his brilliant mind, he has inspired  me to never give up, to think differently and challenge the status quo.  Please send my respect to Steve Jobs. You will always be my hero.
Thanks for All.  All IT in the world are crying
To Mr Jobs family and friends,  Like many, I was saddened tonight to learn about the death of Steve  Jobs. We lost someone who revolutionized the world as we, or at least I, know  it. My first computer was a Mac Classic, that I still own to that day.  Not only the products created by Apple but the vision of this man and  the company he built shaped so many of the things we use on a day to day  basis. People using Apple products learned to "Think Different" and I  try to do that everyday. I'm glad I got to live during a time where I  could see the body of his work and vision come to life. My thoughts are with his family and all those who feel saddened by his  death.
I Love you Mr. Steve Jobs! I will always be forever grateful to you. Thank you for making our lives much much easier. Thank you for your works. You are a great and wonderful person. Losing you is like losing a very  good friend. I am very very sad..     My condolences to your family.
Steve,   Thank you for being a great human being, you are an inspiration for many. Thank you.
The world is a sad place today without Steve Jobs.  He has touched the world and we are all better for his time on the planet.  He was an original and will be remembered everyday by millions of people who use the products that he created.  Taken too soon.
The world is now divided in 2 parts: one before Steve Jobs and another after Steve Jobs.   Steve you were a genius! You contributed so much for the world.   We will miss your brilliant and revolutionary ideas.   Rest in peace, genius!
Steve Jobs,  A man of the past, forever a visionary of the future.  The upmost respect, and thanks.  Rest well.
Rest in peace, Steve :-(
Once a Brazilian singer said  "it is weird... The good people die first."  As a teacher, I'd like to thank you for CHANGING the world Mr. Jobs.
We have lost a great innovator, a visionary, a true creative genius, and a great human being. He will truly be missed.  insanely great!
So sorry to hear about your loss.  Mr. Jobs was a visionary and brought a new level of technology to our ever changing society.  He will be missed and hopefully his legacy will live on for a long time to come.
From my first Apple 2C in 1981 to my IPad 2 I purchased this year I have felt like a part of this company. Apple has always been so real to me and Steve seemed so reachable, dressing in blue jeans like I do. I will always be an Apple customer and I am sure that the innovations and dreams of Steve Jobs will be carried on forever.  I'll miss you Steve RIP.
Steve is my role model. I strive to be as much like Steve in my approach to business as I can, as well as in my ability to think outside the box. Thank you Steve for everything you've taught the world.
The world has lost a incredible mind today.  Steve Jobs was the creative genius of our time and his contributions to society can not be over stated.  His time here was too short, but in that brief time he changed our lives in ways we never imagined were even possible. In that brief time, he gave us technology that we never imagined, but then then couldn't imagine living without. In that brief time, he changed the way we work, the way we play, and the way we interact with others.   In that a brief time, he changed the world, by putting it in the palm of our hands. In that brief time, Steve Jobs taught all of us that our time is limited and not to waste a single precious moment.  A message he preached and practiced!  What an inspiration Steve Jobs has been!
Steve Jobs was a real revolutionary. One of the biggest and kindest. We  will miss him but he sure changed the way we looked into the future. RIP.
It's difficult to talk about a person I've never met, yet I still feel  the sadness like i've lost someone who is close to me. I believe we've  all learned something from Steve in different ways, and continue to  appreciate his genius. Steve has left a massive footprint on this earth,  and we should all be grateful that we were around to see it as he made  it. I pray for his family, and friends. I think we should find comfort  in knowing he's in a better place.
So saddened by the loss of Steve he was a true visionary and brilliant man whom I looked up to and was inspired by.
Steve Jobs what can i say? a man who changed the world a man who changed technology. a man who changed the way we live. a kind man. a generous man, but most of all a man Who changed the way we think. a role model for millions. He made us THINK DIFFERENT. so i send my condolences to jobs and apple and to his family. RIP jobs i just know you are having a blast in your icloud. that is steve jobs
Steve Jobs and Apple have revolutionized technology, from the iPod, iPhone, iPad, Mac, etc. He has given the world a way to connect to each other in ways which 20 years ago were only talked about. I admire Steve Jobs for what he accomplished during his tough battle with cancer. He will never be forgotten.
When you were born, you cried and the world rejoiced. Live your life in a manner so that when you die the world cries and you rejoice. * Native American Proverb - Steve, you became the inspiration to many people, including myself! Rest in peace!
Steve Jobs is the man.  He still lives on through his inventions.
Dear Steve,  You were a truly amazing person. You innovated to world of computers, mp3's, phones, and tablets. Apple will never be the same without your creative mind, thinking of the next "have to have" product. You will truly be missed by me, and many of my friends.
Thank you for everything you have done steve. You are truly an  inspiration to us all.
Thanx a lot mr Steve for all your life shared with us,your many helpfull inventions, your life example, thanx for share your thoughts with the world All my best wishes and condolences, and a lot of light in your next path,some  people inventend some single things, Steve Jobs invented a new world!
Steve thanks for your life, by your example, and Apple. Peace in your grave.
Mis mas sentido pesame para la familia jobs, y agregar que era el mas grande en cuanto a la tecnologia, y creo que lo vamps a extranar mucho todos aquell os que eramos unos verdaderos fans de apple, descanse en paz "Steve Jobs"
Thank you for showing the world what is possible and being an exemplary pers on, whom we all should respect and emulate! I truly hope your family is doing as best as possible! Thank you again!
I'm really sad to hear the news of steve departure... I'm from puerto rico and  apple has changed my life... Thank you steve jobs. You're the man. We'll always remember u...
Steve will be missed to people like me, that never meet him in person but that were fortunate enough to use the products he envisioned.  My condolences to his family and friends.
We, here in Brazil, are very sorry for this great loss.  May God receive his soul – surely Steve will figure out a way to improve and revolutionise Heaven’s web experience.
OMG a good man has fallen, you will be greatly missed. rest in peace
Although not well known Steve Jobs, the news of his death shock me thoughly.   Steve, as one of the most greatest men of this time, will be memorised forever by the people on the earth!  Respect for Steve and Apple,
I'm just a kid who attends Rutgers University. I never knew Mr. Jobs personally, but I didn't have to, to understand how amazing he was. It's shocking, but I am actually crying because Mr. Jobs has died. There was so much more life for him to live. So much more to do, to make this world a better place. Steve Jobs you will never be forgotten!!   R.I.P. Mr. Jobs, and long live Apple!
Steve Jobs was the most genius man of the 20 and 21 century. Our sympathy goes out to his family and friends Sent from my iPad
You have my deepest sympathy for our loss of one of the greatest  innovator, genius in our time.  Steve Jobs will be missed.
man i havent done this before but i must say out my first thought  about mr jobs death: this world is getting less intelligent. be in peace
a terrible loss to the world it is , Rest In Peace Jobs, I just wish if I could meet you for 5 minutes , but I guess that would have to wait .....To jobs' family and friends : stay strong , smile every time you see some guys gathered around checking out something with a bitten apple on it's back , Steve was there
There is a heaviness to the air today in our Brisbane office…a stunned silence.  We are indebted to Mr Jobs for so many things, it will be years before we know just how much…and will we truly be able to appreciate it?  I think not.  All of us here send our deepest condolesnces to Mr Jobs family, friends and colleagues.  May he forever be at peace.
Dear Apple,  I think I was especially emotional because I felt that Steve was "taken" from us.  When a person could have so many more years with so many more contributions to the world left within him, there is a true loss when his life is cut short before his time.  That said, there is no question that he has had an incredibly rich impact on so many people and the time he had on earth was full of meaning.  I was thinking about how he really had a deep commitment to making great products, and really cared about quality.  And his vision democratized computing for multiple generations of creative people, which forever is changing our music, art, design, and film.  Thank you Steve for what you have brought to this world, and I really wish you were still here.
Steve,   I appreciate the opportunity you have given me to work along side you. As a specialist, your influence was felt everywhere. You will be missed. Rest peacefully.
Steve Jobs was indeed one of the most brilliant minds of this days... Im really sorry that he passed away. My sincere condolences for his family, friends and co-workers.
To the family, friends and colleagues of Steve, you were blessed to have known such a visionary and amazing human being. We should all be so fortunate. I wish you peace knowing that he is in a better place, joy in the wonderful memories you shared with him, and prayers that time will heal your sorrow.  Rest in Peace Steve. You will never be forgotten.
My thoughts to Steve's family right now.  Sad, sad news.
Steve has set the standard on what quality and taste means.   Everyone in this world will want their children to have that kind of taste.  This is actually a beginning (although sad) for the US. This is going to inspire the US to get back their edge  His impact is going to be bigger now than ever.
Thank you for creating beautiful useful tools that are so essential to   my everyday life.  Apple and Steve Jobs will always go hand in hand.
Never got the chance to meet the brilliant creator but I would like to   thank him for all he has done for so many many people. He will never   be forgotten! My condolences to his family, friends &amp; loved ones. His   memory will be with you forever. God bless.
I bought my first Mac in 1988 - a Mac Plus. I've been a devoted MacUser for 23 years. Thank you, Steve for all the innovations. Thank you.  And to the family, my prayers are with you.
Steve has made a company from nothing to the most valued company in the world. In the last 10 years he has revolutionized Apple, he will be missed and from myself to all the team at Apple I wish all the best and I hope you continue the great products you continue to bring out. I hope that every new product you bring Steve will always be honoured. God bless.
Mr. Jobs was a brilliant business man, creator and innovator that we can all learn something from even in his absence.      He has had the kind of impact that makes almost anyone feel a little empty on the news of his passing.      Rest in peace Mr. Jobs
I didn't know Steve nor have I ever owned an Apple product but I am truly saddened by this news. I'm praying for his family. He appears to have had a nice heart and pleasant spirit.
Sad, sad, sad, sad. But what an amazing life. Truly of an example of  what it means to do your best.
I have always found Steve jobs to be a fascinating and inspiring person. His foresight into the technological universe has truly changed the world. Steve was one of those people that only ever so rarely comes along, and you just have a sense of how extraordinary they were. Even though I did not know Steve personally, his passing deeply saddens me.   I extend my deepest condolences to his family and friends.
What an incredible person.  Few people can make the lives of so many so much better and productive. He will be missed.
Thank u Steve for all...the world had lost a genius ...we will love u  forever!!! Rest in peace.... Ciao...
It's seem to be the saddest news of this month. I use Apple because of you, I love the way you attract people and show them what Apple is. Really, i still can't believe now you've gone. My son cried when he heard you will leave Apple and he was disappointed when he didn't see you in "Let's Talk iPhone". I got the same feeling. You are legend Steve, Mr. Magic. Good bye Steve, you are always the best!! My idol, rest in peace, I love you, I love Apple!!
Thanks Steve. You Will be in my heart and mind. You changed my life.
Absolutely the best leader and visionary. Love Apple with all that I am.  I'll miss seeing Steve giving keynotes.  Thanks for everything Steve and Apple
Mr. Jobs:   You have been an inspiration, and I cannot explain how much you have touched my life sir. Your technologies have undoubtedbly made this world a better place, enhancing the lives of billions. His hard work, passion, and love for Apple is unmeasurable. Steve, your hard work is inspiring and you have become known as the best inventor of our time.  RIP
My most sincere condolences to all the Apple community, and to Steve's family and friends. We'll miss him deeply.
My condolences to the family and my sincere wish that Apple will  continue to be what Steve wanted it to be.....the best.
R.I.P. Steve Job. You were the greatest inventor in this world. Your products transcend everyone on this planet. I loved your ipod and I will be getting an iphone 4s to remember you.  The world will miss you. I will miss you. You are an icon and represent the best of my generation. I shall and always remember your greatness. I am very sad today to hear you have pass away.  May you go to heaven as it deserve you! and you deserve it.
We are the proud owners of iMac, MacBook, iPad, two iPods and two iPhones!   We appreciate your brilliance and all the wonderful products you have created.  We send the deepest condolence to Steve's family.  Rest in peace...
My heart goes out to the family of Steve Jobs, the employees of Apple and the billions of people he amazed, inspired and impacted.  Apple has been a part of my life since the Apple IIe.  I will truly miss his creativity, leaders hip and vision for making technology more personal.
Thank you for changing the world with your courage, insight, vision and dedication. You definitely left a lasting impression on the human race, and your name and memory will never die. You will be missed.
I would like to express our deepest condolences
Steve,  Thank you for all you've done to make our lives just that much better - the world would be far different without the vision and innovations you have championed.
Steve.  Good bye, no one will fit your shoes.  When another genius like you appears in this  world, I know will be god, you are god you are  forever, do not forget your computer, you will  need it to keep innovating, heaven will bless  you, you bless me,  windows will freeze my pc  and you will not be here  to help me, bless me  on my ciber future.
This is equivalent to my mom's generation of Elvis dying for me. I am very sadden and emotionally moved at the moment. He was more influential on my life than my parents and friends. While my parents loved me and friends shared fun times. Steve influenced me, motivated me to become the innovated, creative technologist I have become. I got into computer technology in 1980 and moved to Silicon Valley because of him. I have been one of his biggest admirers and looked to him as a mentor to push the boundaries of my own creative abilities to develop technology solutions which I hope made a difference and impact to the industries I worked in. We've lost a significant influence and icon in technology. We won't see another person of his innovation and foresight within my life time. He was the Edison of technology. He was and is one of my biggest inspirations.  I feel I have lost a close family member
There are only  a few people in history that come to radically change  how everyone else thinks about the world they live in. Steve Jobs was  one of those people.
Dear Steve,  As much as I was a strong believer in using Windows everywhere for any  reason, I have to admit, I have been converted. I own a MacBook and I  absolutely love it. I've owned several iPods, and now, I am very glad to  own an iPhone 4. Personally, I think the iPhone 4 is the most innovative  technology out. The way it feels in your hand, the slimness, all the way  down to how rugged it is, yet classy. Your inspiration will be missed,  and that sincere smile you have when sharing your creation with the  world will be remembered. I always looked forward to the Keynote  presentations you would lead and the new and amazing technology that was  presented in the show. Thank you for your innovation and your amazing  mind. No matter what people told you, you always seemed to say to them  "It can be done."
I just  wanted to say that Steve jobs inspired me to want to become an Apple  employee. It is my dream/ goal to work at Apple.
I'll always miss Steve. He was an inspiration for me to do the best I can and more in everything I did. He was the person that I looked to when I wanted to "think different." A true legend in creativity and business combined has been lost today and there will never be another person like him. Thank you for helping me to where I am now, Steve.
Steve, You have never met me, but you profoundly influenced every aspect of my life. Your products and the software that drives them are merely manifestations of your philosophy and approach to life.  I love Apple products, but I love more what they represent. I am an orthopedic surgeon and I have modeled my personal practice philosophy after what Apple taught me: less is more.  Steve, I will forever be indebted to you and will never forget you or what you brought to the world. I can only hope your brilliance will continue to shine through the people you have touched.   You are already missed.
RIP Steve.... Thank you so much for your wonderful innovations, you are trul y a revolutionary leader.  Thank you for making technology so much more user -friendly and so useful for our lives.  Our hearts go to your family and loved ones.... iPeace......
I'll never forget the first Apple II+ I ever saw... felt like it wasn't even real... life changing... even though I struggled through some of the less good years and struggled to pay for the gear as it got more expensive, it always came back to that good ol' Apple II+. Won't ever forget your efforts and thank you for them. I trust the rest of the team will keep things going in your absence, but I guess in that way you aren't really gone...
Thank you steve for all you have done for the world. You have been and  will continue to be an inspiration to all.  May your onward journey be peaceful.
Thank you for taking features to intuitive benefits.  Thank you for merging  art &amp; business.  Thank you for allowing me to avoid tech support for a decade.  Thank you because you pushed the brilliant &amp; enhanced  the everyday user.  Thank you for drawing us all in...
It's with a heavy heart that I wish to convey my condolence to the Apple company and Mr. Jobs family. His genius will live on into the next millennium.  Thanks Steve
He just worked.
Thanks for the Oregon Trail breaks in elementary school, the demise of my CD collection in college, and for the entertainment on cross country flights on my iPad in the now. Inspirational how one man can change the world so much and touch so many lives through business.
My inspiration for life was through Steve, and that I WILL NEVER FORGET.
Leave in peace Mr Jobs. You've changed my life.
The sky is the right place for him.
I feel like I've lost a good friend. It is a sad day, but all of our lives have been made better by Mr. Jobs. I would like to call him Steve just because he has been a part of my life since the mid 80s!  There will only be one Steve Jobs, but his influence may hopefully inspire others to try to follow his lofty goals. I would like to wish his family all the best in this time of grief. With time, that grief will hopefully be tempered with the immense pride in being a part of his remarkable life! You are truly so fortunate to have been so close  to such a great human being. My life would be completely different without Steve Jobs and not just because of his devices, but in the work that I do every day. From the bottom of my heart, thank you Steve!  My heartfelt condolences and best wishes!
I have been using Apple Products from the very beginning. All the items were designed with the user in mind. Steve Jobs was a visionary person who has made a huge impact in the world of  information technology. He will be deeply missed!
Steve, thank you for made my life this easy.  We will never forget you.
My heart goes out to his family: A Man can create whatever his mind sets upon. A Man is not a Man without Values. A Man takes technology beyond human scopes. I called that Man Steve Jobs. God Bless to all.
Dear Steve,  Wherever you are now, I hope that you can hear the outpouring of   affection and respect of the millions of your fans and mine. You have   given us so much opportunity with your products and ideas.  As a follower of the Apple dream from as early as 1984, when I was   working for the Apple advertising account in Germany, I have been a   supporter and fan. I had the good fortune to meet you in your office   in Cupertino in '84 and it was then that I got a glimpse of the genius   that you have been all these years.  Rest in peace and I will never tire to spread your gospel.
Sad to hear Steve's departure. May God bless his soul!  Mr Steve - You will be missed! :( :( :(
I am so glad Steve Jobs was with us. I grew up with apple products and love them. We miss you.
Steve Jobs was a remarkable man.His inventions and innovations have forever changed the world, and the way we work.He will be greatly missed. My condolences to his family, friends, and colleagues.
I just watched a clip of a speech Mr. Jobs gave at a graduation ceremony on Anderson Cooper where he talks about knowing that he will die, possibly soon, and it makes me want to live every day like him. I have always thought that people with a definite end date are the luckiest in the world. They don't have to worry about the unknown. They know that the only thing that counts is what you do today, because you might not get tomorrow. I only hope that yesterday, Steve was well enough to see the release of the iPhone 4s and that he was satisfied with the future of the company.  Thank you Mr. Jobs for revolutionizing this world and making it a better place for all of us.
Dear Steve, You redefine the technology. You recreate the animation. You reinvent the phone. You rebuild APPLE. You brought us so many amazing, elegant masterworks. You definitely changed this era and affect the world.  Thank you, Steve.
God bless Steve Jobs.
I am grateful to be an admirer of Steve Jobs.  This human being, with his geniality, gave to world  creations that only he could. It is a great lost. I pray for him and I miss him.
I spent my morning on apple.com watching the videos about your new iPhone4S and thinking what a great job you did explaining a new story again.  I was curious how you would honor Mr. Jobs' death.  What a great picture and what a great and simple tribute to a great and simple man.
I am very sad today hearing of the passing of a genius whom has contributed so much to the improvement of our creative lifestyles.
I still have the 1st mac I purchased from apple, mac 84 .  It was bought  at the 1st apple reseller in Alabama (no apple stores at that time). It  still runs word and excel. THANKS TO MR JOBS FOR MAKING A COMPUTER THAT A THUNDERHEAD LIKE ME CAN  USE. I pray for his family and to all of the apple family world wide.He has given apple a good foundation and his legacy will be  impacting  the business world for many generations to come.
Courage to fail and succeed.
I've never enjoyed a place of employment as much as Apple nor have I so sincerely considered making a job into a career. Thank you for believing in doing something better and different.
My sincere condolences from Venezuela to the man who revolutionized the world of technology, the entire universe is with you people Apple.
R.I.P. boss.Thanks for making it possible to run your entire life with just one, simple, pocket-sized gadget. And a big thanks for providing me employment in a store with the best team of co-workers!
Steve - rest in peace. Truly mission accomplished. Nothing more to do here that you haven't already done in your short life. Hope you continue the same in heaven!
We lost a genius... the world will change since today.
Jobs the Einstein of this era. RIP hero.
Steve jobs is just amazing. I just can't think of anything else to say. All I can say is Rest In Peace, Steve Jobs, and I am now iSad.
Us in Cupertino are in shock. Even though some of us are only thirteen, Steve has changed our lives and inspired us. RIP.
There are probably many people writing for you right now, but I just want to  let you know that you were an amazing person. Even though I don't know you very well, you always inspired me in many ways. Please rest in happiness as the world says good bye to you. May everyone remember your dear name and remind us that we live in this world of technology based on your thoughts. Rest In Peace.
Dear Steve,  I grew up in a world where there were no computers, no internet, no email, no connectivity or information sharing. My kids don't.  You and other brilliant people made the world different with computers. YOU made the world different by insisting on a higher quality, on better products, on creating the wave of change. You made the difference by creating, losing and coming back and creating and winning again. I can tell my kids, there is no limit, there is no failure- look at Steve Jobs. The world has lost someone really special. May your soul rest in peace knowing that you've done so much for so many. Our thoughts and prayers go out to your wife and children in their profound loss.
I've always been inspired by Jobs and Apple... I thank him for so much because I know without him none of this would have happened
Steve Jobs will live on as one of the great all american icons. When we  think of Apple products we will always think of Mr Jobs.  My condolences  go out to his loved ones.
Unique and admirable person. Hugeloss for the entire world.  Missing Steve...
You changed the world. You changed my life. I'll never forget you.
Thank you Mr. Jobs for making the world of us who work daily with computers a better place, for the elegance of your products and specially their stability.   My thoughts are with your loved ones, friends, and anyone whose life you've touched in one way or another, like you have mine. May you rest in peace.
You are forever in the hearts of humanity! We love you!
I am absolutely devastated at this loss. He was a great CEO and extremely talented man. Our thoughts are with him.
You have given the world the greatest gift of all...Happiness. No one could bring the world together like you.
It may seem a bit odd that a Freshmen in high school is paying his respects to such an important person as the one the world has lost recently, but when I  heard the news I felt my heart drop a little bit inside of me.  As a fifth grader, my class was instructed to do a biography on a significant person. Mr. Jobs was on the cover of magazines across the world with the debut of the first iPhone, and I knew on whom I was going to do my biography. Ever since studying this truly important man who has revolutionized the world in which we live today, I have been in awe of him and have said to myself on multiple occasions: "Wow, I wanna be like him when I grow up."  Now that he has passed, I feel like there is a void in everything I have known to come and appreciate regarding all things technology. In retrospect, however, I realize how great of a legacy he has left behind. Now more than ever, he will inspire many people to follow in his footsteps.Thank you, Mr. Jobs. You will be forever remembered and respected.
Such an amazing gift had Steve Jobs.  I remember using our only Mac   Classic amid a sea of Apple IIe units, and marveling at the wonderful   touches... that the design(er) seemed to anticipate needs, wants, and   the comfort and convenience for the end users. It takes a strong empathetic mind to be able to create something that   could satisfy and touch such a diverse user base.  Truly a gift from   God to Steve Jobs, and ultimately, to us, the body of Apple users.  To all who knew and worked with Steve, my sympathy for your loss. Certainly, his spirit will live on through the marvelous works of his   mind and hands that Steve Jobs shared with us all.
Steve,  You changed the world and my life is better for it.  You will be missed.
I think I finally know how my Beatles-loving friends felt the night that John Lennon died.  Steve changed the world, not once but multiple times.  I'm devastated that he's gone but I'm grateful that I lived in the time that he d d.  Almost every part of my daily life involves a product that his genius touched.  Farewell, Steve.  The journey truly was the reward.
We have lost a great artist ... Rest in Peace
im deeply saddened with the news that steve is now gone. i never had a  chance to meet him personally but still i can feel his love trough his  apple products. i'm inspired by his handwork and genius. someday i will  surely meet you in iCloud! i love apple and i love you steve!
I will be in awe of steve jobs and what he accomplished for the rest of my life. i'm one of the millions of people who loves apple because of its design, its ingenuity, and its thoughtfulness. Mr Jobs lived his life with spontaneity and adventure, and for him, that meant realized brilliance.  i will always be inspired by his example.
Steve Jobs made me love Apple. He brought the company back up and was a great source of inspiration for everyone. The world has indeed lost a great visionary and a genius. It is a sad day for me. I had always wanted to meet Mr. Jobs, now I can only wish that someday we can meet again! My condolences to the Apple family.
As only you you did, simple and clear.  Forever ... Thanks Steve!
A snippet from my first Mac Review in 2006 should say how I feel ...  "...My only hope is that Steve Jobs and his incredibly talented team of passionate engineers design and manufacture just about everything that we use everyday including computer accessories, LCD TVs, cellphones and even toasters and eventually our homes themselves. Hell, why not!.   Finally I cannot write about this and not talk about Steve Jobs. What a life this guy has lived. 30 years of unflinching and uncompromising passion to deliver great products. Even when the "chips were down". And this adulation coming from a veteran PC user...I guess I have a transplant myself now besides the iMac...and perhaps that is a good thing and long over due :-). "
Steve means "inspiration" to many entrepreneurs. He is remembered as  just not as a genius but an excellent human being. May he be blessed  with divine light and divine peace.
Steve is truly one of the most inspiring American's of my lifetime. He  will be insanely missed.
Mr. Jobs... a job well done.  May you rest in peace.
Steve, RIP.....you were the GREATEST.
Steve was genius he is my mentor i love the things he has designed and made they are just amazing  REST IN PEACE STEVE YOU WILL BE REMEMBERED!!
Steve Jobs has truly made this world a better place.  Today is a sad day.
You are an amazing inspiration to all. You changed the world and now the world will never be the same without you. Your legacy will live on forever. Rest in Peace Mr Jobs, you will be missed.  My sincere condolences to Steve's family, friends and all who had the honour of working with him.
Today, more than one star shines in heaven. And a very bright one at that. Steven Paul Jobs is it. As everyone knows, he made the technology revolution. He will be part of world history. All speak, and say: this really is an example of a person. This is a warrior. This is Steve Jobs.
you change everything in better, you gave us dreams. Now we can feel that the world will not be the same without you. I miss you so much
My condolences are towards everyone who knew Steve Jobs and had him as a  family member, friend, coworker, and even those people who just bought  his products. I was one of the people who really did not know much about  him personally, but I think back to the small flip phones and thank this  man and his company for creating my iPhone 3GS and iPad. This is a loss  like no other, and I am praying for everyone involved.
Mankind has never known a man like him, with a lost like this, we feel like the world is now walking slower, even knowing that i´m wrong, but that is how it feels like!  Steve, now is your time to rest in peace, take with you the sure that the world is thankfull for everything that you've ever done! Thanks for everything and we'll meet you some day! May god be with you!
Dear Steve,  The tools i use to compose this email have been envisioned and realized  by your team under your leadership. It is one thing to have a vision and  then another to be able to see that idea through to fabrication and  commercialization. I think it is safe to say that you have perfected  this art.  Congratulations on your success in business and for setting an example  for future generations; whilst technological progress will have  stuttered in the very short term as the technological industry finds  their feet without you, it will surely grow exponentially as the legions  of entrepreneurs and engineers work more inspired than ever. On this  note, i'd like to congratulate you as well on becoming a successful  human being - this is the greatest achievement.  Thank you for making our lives a lot more comfortable.
My deepest sympathy to the family of Steve Jobs which includes his   immediate family and extended Apple family.  I am very thankful for   his innovation and dedication.  May he rest in peace.  You will be   greatly missed and never forgotten, Steve Jobs.
Nunca tuve un iPad o un iPhone o un iPod... pero se que gracias a Steve Jobs es uno de los artífices del mundo tal y como lo vivimos y disfrutamos ahora...Gracias por todo al genio que cambio el mundo...Hasta siempre al gran hombre que vivió sus sueños con esa magnífica filosofía de vida.
I feel like we've lost the mentor of all mentors.  I came to Apple about 1989, and always knew that no matter what, the passion for the best lay within Steve, a person I never met, but had so much respect for.  I just ordered a new iTouch for my daughter, and I'll share with her how sad I am, but so grateful for what he did, and the groundwork he laid. Thank you Steve, and, thank you to all the thinkers, and doers, at Apple. I've always been, and will always be, a supporter.  God bless.
The physical world has lost Steve Jobs, the "tech" John Lennon. As  inspiring and revolutionary as Lennon, Jobs was also centered,  innovative, creative and communicative, and gave us the gift of  simplistic connectivity just as Lennon gave us the gift of poetic  peace-driven verse. The spiritual world has gained a new member this  evening, one who will live each moment fondly, chasing love and passion  to infinity and beyond.  Thank you for sharing your words during your 2005 Stanford speech. I,  like millions, have watched it countless times on YouTube and took your  message to heart. It has impacted my life for the better.
A great lost of the world. To be remembered forever.

Steve Jobs was a true hero. He fought for the same world that I fight for every day. His innovations gave us a glimpse of the world and how it ought to be…how it can be. He showed us that that world is possible, and that it is such a wonderful place. I paid the market value for his products, but his efforts are worth much more to me. He lived by no standards other than his own, and he never lowered or compromised them for anyone. He loved his life, and my life is so much better because of him. I feel like I lost a friend today. Thank you, Steve Jobs. Rest in peace.
Thank you, Steven Jobs.You are a great genius and you made a great company.You created so many incredible product and you lead us into a new time. Now we lost you, but we will remember you forever.
Apple family, I know your hearts are broken.
Steve Jobs has been a great influence on my life and so many others.  My prayers are with his family and loved ones.  I will never forget the impact that Steve Jobs has made in our World! My son was the 2nd to tell me of the sad news, my husband was the first. I have always wanted to work at Apple, Steve has created an organization of caring individuals. Just last week I interviewed with Apple in Woodland Hills, CA and then heard the sad news today of such a great loss.  I am deeply saddened by the loss of Steve Jobs. My Prayers are with the friends and family of Steve Jobs.
Steve Jobs changed my life in 1984.  That was the year I first tasted what a good user experience could feel like.  I owe my career in interaction design and my life of creative expression to Steve Jobs.  Thank you, Steve. You will be missed.
I just want to start off by saying your creations have changed the world  today. You are the reason why so many companies evolved technologically.  I was the biggest fan of apple since the iPod. But after you came out  with the new apple computers, i've fell in love with your products even  more. I've seen every speech of yours and realized that you don't do this  for the money. You do this for the love of creating something newer and  better. Your energy, enthusiasm, and love for your fans will always be  remembered. Rest in peace.
Steve Jobs was a man of the people. Knowing what the people wanted and actually taking the initiative and giving it to them in the finding of Apple. Never giving up, always looking to innovate, God Bless You Steve Jobs for your life's work.
Thanks so much for the hard work and all of your creativity. I love my IPhone and I love you.  The world will miss you so much!!!
What an amazing impact he has left on the world in the 20th and 21st century!  It is hard to imagine that anyone could match his accomplishments, at least in my lifetime. Keeping him in my thoughts and prayers...
So sad!  Rest in peace Mr. Steven. I'll alway remember of you.
An inspiring creative genius, whom we all felt like we shared something special with.
May Steve Jobs rest in pease. May his family find the strength to deal  with this moment. We will never forget you. ALL MY LOVE FROM BRAZIL
You have accompany my business and my inventions  with your ideas,  creativity  and products since more than 20 years.  Thanks!
Our deepest Condolences.............for our Legend Steve Job.........you  are our hero for me and my Family.........you are our inspiration, the  world of inpiration REST in PEACE STEVE.........See You in Heaven
Above all my deepest condolences to Steve Jobs family, thanks for making  people think outside the box, thanks for sharing your ideas with us.   See you in iHeaven!
Growing up as a kid in the 60's and 70's I never would have even dreamed that technology could be what it is today.  I remember getting my first AM transistor radio and thinking how amazing that was with the one earpiece!  Steve Jobs made my kids world a whole lot better than what I had as a kid.  Thank you Steve Jobs for my iPad, iPhone, iMac, and iPod.  You made it possible for all of us to have extremely cool communication devices, our music at a  touch, and you were just an all around good guy. Thank you for how you changed my life and have inspired me to go after my dreams and if it's not out there, then invent it.  You are an inspiration to me and will always be.  God bless your family and I pray that they are comforted by the Lord.
i am very sorry, it is very sorry. He was a genius. such a great person.
Condolences to his family and colleagues.   May his genius and insight into human factors live on in the company.
My thoughts go out to your family, they can be safe in the knowledge that you built a great company which will continue to create great products, which will be enjoyed for generations
I'm sorry. Truly sorry. The world needed him longer. You guys who are left need to carry it on. Improvise. Innovate like he did. And choose the most charismatic showman you've got for the presentations. It doesn't have to be the  CEO- those are big shoes to fill and it's a hard job.  The rest of us will be rooting for you as we mourn the passing of a giant.
Dear Steve......  Yesterday, Apple was not the same without you...It never will be...ever again....  May you rest in peace....And may you attain Nibbaana...  The World, will never be the same without you....
Thanks for all the magic.    RIP Steve   
Thanks Steve for the cool products and great topics for discussion between lovers and haters of Apple. Many memories for the digital history of the world.
I remember the joy my first iPod Classic gave me on the go, i remember  how the iPhone made my life so much more simple, and i love how my  MacBook is helping me write material that makes my dreams come true.  Thank you Steve
Steve Jobs was an inspiration to me. And all I ever wanted to do in my life was to meet him....
I was a big fan of Jobs and. I belive the tecnology would not be the same without him.   He revolutionized the computer science and technology!  He was a big man ,a genius and a hero and will stay forever in history !  God bless! And he rest in peace seeing that all he created!
I just want to say that I loved Steve Jobs. He was truly a visionary and a brilliant man. He has brought so much to the world. I know that he is in a better place and not in pain anymore, but he will be missed badly. I just can't believe our Steve is gone. Thank you Steve for creating such joy in so many peoples lives. My prayers are with the Jobs family. I will miss you Steve.
Steve,  I dream of what more you would have created for humanity had you been given more time with us, yet the inspiration to dream of a better world that you have given each of us will remain forever. Thank you.  Rest in Peace.
My deepest sympathy goes out to all of you, Steve Jobs' co-workers and  his family. I started using a Macintosh over 25 years ago and have never  looked back.  A creative genius, an unparalleled visionary, a great man.  May he rest in peace, and may his legacy endure.
Irreplaceable, was a great mind. I always love it!
I will miss the man who had the vision to move all of us non-computer   folks away from the command line language of C:\  to the use of the   mouse and the most beautiful operating system in the world!  God Bless!
Steve was  my inspiration, my guide. With his ideas  i can do so many things for my  patients! I will really miss u Steve.
Dear Jobs,   Yesterday morning, Apple gave us some new presents - iphone 4s and ios5 and so on, but this morning, we lost you!   You are one of the best gifts that the God for the world!   You wanted to changed the world, and you have changed the world! So when you leaving, you must be smiling!   I am remembering you in China! Thank you for your jobs to this world!
Steve Jobs was one of the great minds of our time.  He will forever inspire; living on in the hearts and minds of those that choose to innovate  and create.  Steve was an everlasting asset to humanity and will be incredibly missed.  Thank you Steve, for "thinking differently".
I will pray for peace of mind and heart for his family.
Steve  Thanks for all you have done !  You have inspired me as a small business owner to think differently and to focus on the end product and make it as client centered as possible. I am in the financial services industry and the end product is really my advice to my clients. I believe that advice and the deli very of that advice has been positively influenced by you.  I am sure Walt Disney is welcoming you home for some great discussions. I will not say the words "rest in peace" as I know you did not like to rest . . But may you be at peace.
I have been a Windows user all of my PC life but the genius of Steve Jobs cannot be ignored. His vision has moved computing into new realms and future computing will forever have his fingerprints.
To the immediate Family of Steve and the entire Apple family Worldwide,     My thoughts and prayers are with you at this unhappy time.     Blessings
Today is a very sad day.  Steve Jobs to me was the greatest inventor and innovator of our time.   I have been a loyal Apple customer for about 10 years and I have   personally converted many friends and colleagues along the way. It was   Steve's creativity and attention to detail that captivated me and drew   me to Apple. I personally was not fortunate enough to have known him   but I feel as if I did. I am very sad and my thoughts and prayers go   out to his family.
The world will never be the same without you.  Thank you for everything you have given us.  iBelieve. Rest in Peace my friend.
Steve Jobs had changed the world, and had changed our daily life. I want more Steves in this world. We miss you.
Just want to say thank you
We have lost Steve. Nonetheless, he still survives in our life always. We love Steve.
Thank you Steve Jobs. I have been a Mac user for 25 years and owe my entire career and success  to Steve Jobs' innovations, creativity and vision.  Of course many of us loved and praised what Apple offered and Steve Jobs  philosophy of what was possible many years before the explosion of  iProducts.  I am happy he saw the potential of Apple become the icon it is today,  but very sad for the loss of a great man.  My heart felt feelings and condolences go to the Jobs' family.
We always remember his vision, creativity, energy, this is a big lost for all the word. Steve.. we going to see you in iClouds! RIP The biggest visionary of this era!!!
First of all my best thoughts go to Steve's family. Steve was to my eyes one of the greatest man of this planet. His way of thinking, his vision, his products literally changed my life. He inspired me and make me realize how PASSION is the most important thing in life.  Thank you for everything you've done Steve. Be sure that your memory will stay forever in our hearts. Rest in peace Steve.
The world has truly lost an unparalleled visionary. Someone like him is  a person that will be remembered for decades, if not centuries, to come  for what he has done in so many areas. I remember racing classmates in  elementary school for the Macs to play Brick Break. I grew up with  movies like Toy Story, A Bug's Life, and Toy Story 2. I continue to wait  anxiously for their next movie, even as an adult in my mid-20's.To this day, I love my Apple products and wait baited breath for the  next revolutionary device/software to show what devices can truly  achieve.My thoughts and prayers go out to the Jobs family and those  fortunate enough to call him a friend.
Thank you for the lessons of life you have left to us.
for your creativity vision, for your attention to detail, for your ability to fuse art/science/technology into amazing products that changed the world!  Regards
Steve,  You will be missed. With my first job doing tech support for Apple, to now supporting the International Space Station as a Mac Expert, you have helped pave the way to a better way of life, more ways than you can think of. You have changed the way the world views technology. Thank you for all you have done. You will be missed, but your legacy will never fade.  RIP boss.
Steve you single handedly took the world by storm with brilliant unique ideas. My dream is to work hard in school and then work for apple in the future.  Thanks for everything you have done for apple.
May Steve's work be forever remembered.  I pray that he will be with Apple in spirit and that his company continues to innovate and stay competitive in his honor.
Thank you so much to Mr. Jobs for all the joy that he gave and will continue to give to me with all things Apple.  I am saddened that he has passed away at such a young age, but oh my, all that he accomplished in his short years is extraordinary.  He was a man with an incredible mind and a kind, giving heart.  I send my sympathy to his family and friends.
We did not know him personally, but Steve Jobs fundamentally transformed the world, leaving behind a true legacy.  All of us[ average people ] can only dream of affecting the world a trivial percentage compared to Steve's success.  Underneath such a celebrity figure was a normal man with an everyday life who pushed his ideas and aptitude onto others directly and indirectly by his revolutionary concepts and innovations.  We are sorry to lose such a perspicacious human being.  He will always be remembered by,  Everyday, Average, Mac and iPhone Users
As I start my new career with Apple tomorrow, I am loosing a great  leader and inspiration at the same time. Steve was one of the reasons I became such a huge fan of Apple and its  products. My condolences go out to his family.   Rest In Peace Steve!
Steve,  Thank you for all the entertainment and for  help us to be more close of the world.  You were, an important part of the tecnology development.  Thanks again for your input.  Greetings to your family and closest friends, from Colombia,i will lift a pray to God for strength and comfort them.  RIP , Steve
My condolences go out to steve and his family. Truly, one of planet earth's greatest minds in innovating technology. Once again the world has and will change, being so blessed with living during the life time and passing of Steve. May God bless him.
Steve gave, hardly took, he focused on what mattered and did it from a spiritual place with passion, directness and vision. All I can do is thank him every time I turn on a Mac or other Apple product on, for enriching my life, heck even making me money as well! But more importantly, helping us, me, do something wonderful to pass forward.
My condolences!    To Steve Jobs family and the Apple company, the world have lost one of it´s greatest visionaries and a great entrepreneur. R.I.P My own motto,  It´s Better to Burn Out, than to Fade Away!
This is why i write. 4 years ago i decide to embrace the fact that  design was my path. Over the years i thought that Apple was just over  valuated and that it was not necessary for me to embody my dreams. About  2 years ago i couldn't help it and i bought my first mac ever, from which  I am writing  this email.  Steve Jobs was from that moment one of my  inspirations. His work, his vision of the world and the way he helped us  designers to conceive our creations will always be cherish in my heart  and in my professional life.  I hope Apple will continue the amazing  road steve, as a cofounder of this enterprise did until the last moment.  RIP Steve Jobs. Thanks for everything.
I don't know what I could say that someone else wouldn't say better. Other than thank you God for sharing him with us and allowing us to benefit from his life's work. We are truly blessed. Apple lover and user since 1994.
Thanks Steve Jobs for changing the world. You have made a big difference that will echo throughout the history.You will always be remembered. May you Rest in Peace.
Steve,   I deeply regret your early death. The way you were, was inspiring, stimulating, passionate, and thats why I will remember you with happiness and emotion. I hope you always be happy, and in peace.
Sir, you will always be remembered for generations to come. Thanks for all the outstanding products.
You will be missed and every time we use our Iphones, Ipads, or Imac we will remember you and thank you.
Steve,  You created history around the world.  When I was growing up Coca Cola united all of us, today it's the i-phone  Everytime you introduced an idea or a product it felt like Christmas!    Thank you for all the attention to detail and design.  Having my first i-phone in my hand felt like holding a precious   jewel.  And your first Mac with the rainbow Apple sits as an art piece.  I am so proud to have lived to hear you, see you and be part of your   legacy. You will forever be remembered.
I had the opportunity to work for Steve at Apple and NeXT.  He not only  was an incredible leader, but also a caring individual.  I am amazed at  how many people he mentored through the years.  I will miss his passion  not only for products, but also for people.
Just now during news on CNN about Steve Jobs' death,  my daughter said "Dad, I wanna watch Sponge Bob on Apple TV." He would've liked that I think.
iMourn, iGrieve the passing of a remarkable human being, Steve Jobs.   Thank you for everything - your vision and example. May you rest in  peace and rise in glory.
Steve.. you have changed the way we live and communicate with one  another. Your legacy will live on forever. Thank you for all that you  have done. I am truly sad that you are gone. I know now that you are no  longer suffering. RIP
I remember those old blue computers. I called them Blueberries. Not sure  if anyone else did, though. I still have my first ipod. It brings back  so many memories. Apple is an amazing company. Thank you, Steve Jobs,  you will be missed.
Steve Jobs has been my idol, my muse and my inspiration. I am grateful to him for all that he has given me and shown me through the years. May he rest in peace knowing he changed the world and the lives of so many that live to be original, unique and to push the boundaries of all that is possible.
Lamento tu partida. Celebro tu vida. Hiciste de este mundo un lugar mejor.
Condolence Greetings,  It is unfortunate to see a man of great vision, with an incredible amount of power of innovations  that revolutionize the today's and the likelihood of foreseeable future of transformation of computer technology died, however his jobs, especially his lasting legacy will  forever and ever remain. May his soul rest in perfect peace.
I never met Steve Jobs, although I did work for Apple for a few years and was on campus when he was. There is no way to measure the immense impact Steve Jobs had on this company and the widespread influences he had not only in personal computers, but music, film, the way we listen to and purchase media and most recently the entire phone industry.  Only Steve Jobs could have taken a company near bankruptcy in 1997 and made it the most valuable company in the world. Nobody can ever replace this genius, but alas, he has a company whose veins runs with his DNA. Apple will continue to lead the world in innovation and genius, just like its founder. We will miss you Steve, one of the greatest visionary geniuses of our time.
I remember my first computer an Apple Performa back in 95. I remember becoming a fanboy from the first days in Graphic Design class. I remember all the heated arguments with friends, colleagues and even bosses about the Mac's superiority and how I wasn't going to work on anything but a Mac.  I happened to fall into fixing the mac's at an old job and maintaining two servers. I unwillingly became the Mac teach, event getting a Mac cert. I now manage a large website for a great organisation and if it wasn't for those experiences I wouldn't know half of what I now understand about computers.  Thank you Steve, the technology industry has lost it's shepard.
You changed my life.
Though I never met you, you have change my life so much. Lots of my friends work at Apple and they are the happiest people I know. You are a true Jedi master! Thank you for all you have done in our lives.
The world has lost one of the most creative minds today.  He has  inspired so many of us. Everyone in the tech industry dreams of making a  difference to  the world, in the same way steve did.  May his soul rest in peace.
Thanks for the hard work and technology. We miss you already!!
Visionary leaders give all their energy to this world - give themselves away... they are so dedicated and committed to making this world greater.. they work so hard that sometimes forget about taking care of themselves... this world did not want to lose you at 56, Steve. Thank you, for all the good things that you have done for us.
Thank you Steve, you changed the lives of many of us with you gifts.  I type  this message from one of those gifts, the iPad2.  You will be long remembered!
I am so saddened to learn of Steve's passing.  It's strange to realize that you can feel such a loss for someone you never knew.  Having said that, his genius touched the lives of so many, and I suspect many people also feel that they knew him in some way.  At a time when so many of our corporations lack true leaders, Steve Jobs stood in such stark contrast. His passion, his commitment, his drive, his creative genius, and his striving for perfection will be admired for many years to come.  To his Apple family, you have very big shoes to fill, and I wish you all the best and hope that you take great pride and find true gratification in pushing yourselves to take Apple to the next level.Thank you to Steve for sharing your genius with all of us.
People say the difference between a man and a boy is the price of the toy. A new Apple Product always brought me this childhood feeling again. I will always remember this.  Please keep it alive.
I heard about Steve's death on the radio just a couple of hours ago, it left  me feeling totally gutted. The world has lost a true legend. My thoughts go  to the family he has left behind during this terrible time of mourning.
He will be dearly missed as an amazing visionary, my heart goes out his  close family and friends, who will miss him even more.
I so fondly remember my first Apple product. I drove frantically 70 miles after work one day to the Keystone Apple Store in Indianapolis just to purchase my first Apple computer - a PowerBook G4.  I waited first in line on campus for the release of Panther throughout Snow Leopard. I couldn't wait to see each WWDC. Every release was so exciting.  I enjoy all technology, but there has been something really special about the last few years and Apple.  I never knew you, but felt close. I'll miss you Steve.
I think that God needed to innovate heaven so he called on Steve Jobs to challenge the norm and make it more intuitive...
May he be blessed and stay happy ever after!
My sincere condolences for this loss. Steve was a great man. We'll remember him for all he did.
Dear Steve,  Thank you for your inspiration. For your ideas. For your genial inventions.  For creating the iMacs, iPhone, iPads and everything Apple.   You did it man. You rocked! You will be missed.
Thank you for everything that you did for both technology and usability, you always had the vision to keep moving forward when others would've taken two steps back.  Your insight will be sorely missed.  Thank you for everything.
The greatest inventor of our time. I'm so grateful to have witnessed   his "genius."
Beyond the gadgets, beyond the technology, beyond even the cool factor of the products, Steve Jobs was a creative genius and the kind of person  who could look at something, see the problem, and formulate a beautiful solution.  What an inspirational character!  Rest in peace, Steve, Apple will  keep the light on for you.
Such an amazing visionary! A company build with solid principals...   Build an amazing produce and take care of you customers and they will   be forever loyal!
He will never be forgotten  If only there were a few men like him this world would be different
I WISH YOU STEVE, GO WITH GOD I THINK THERES DIFFICULT CHANCES TO THE  WORLD HAVE ANOTHER STEVE. DESEO QUE TU STEVE, VAYAS CON DIOS YA QUE LE HAS DADO UN GRAN AVANCE AL  MUNDO, YO PIENSO ES DIFICIL QUE LOGREN REMPLAZAR A STEVE. BUENA SUERTE APPLE Y STEVE.
I think everyone has been touched, in some way, by the vision and technological advancements of Steve Jobs. In our family, we have two iPhones and two iPods and can hardly wait to upgrade to the newest technology and I am sure that most families in North America are the same. We are so thankful for the gifts that he has given us and we will personally feel the loss. We send our thoughts and prayers to his friends and loved ones and hope that they can be comforted by the knowledge that he was loved by millions and that his work will withstand the test of time.  Our deepest condolences.
Steven Paul Jobs will be missed by Apple employees, Apple Families, and above all else Apple Fans. God bless Steve, the Thomas Edison of our time has died. I hope Apple will continue his vision. He was my hero.
Steve,  Thank you for all that you've done. I remember the glee on my little face when we got our first computer; the Apple IIc. The years I spent sticking by you and your products many years later.  You'll be missed.
My deepest condolences for the apple family. Humanity, indeed, has lost an amazing human being.
I had never had the pleasure of knowing Steve Jobs but  I was asked a  question on a site recently that asked if I could have dinner with 3  people who would it be. My first choice was Steve Jobs. The man's vision  towards the future allowed him to see the turn of technology before so  many of us could, even  in our wildest dreams. I consider myself an  "Apple Man" to which I can only feel as if that means being a son of  Steve. His passion was our passion. His vision was the twinkle in our  eyes as we gazed at heavens never before seen. I think that if passion  was life then he has lived a thousand lifetimes and in all we should be  envious of him for it, but we should never feel at a loss because that  passion that he exuded was spread in waves throughout the world and that  was what made him such a great man that we could feel. When he stood up  to speak all the world inhaled and held their breaths, our eyes widened  and our hearts soared. Steve wasn't a man that none of us knew. He was a  man that showed us a dream and handed it to us. As we all feel as if  we've lost our father, mentor, friend, let us not forget that passion  that he felt and shared. Let us feel that as we look onward towards the  future and remember him by taking that passion and building a better  world. The one that Steve saw.
to steve jobs   in the field of technology, you were an artist in the truest sense.  you reached for the highest star and accomplished incredible feats of wizardry in the beautiful and functional gizmos that benefited so many people.   you will be remembered and honored by millions throughout the world.
I, as a young medical resident, got my first Macintosh plus in 1987 with almost all my salary. It was a time when my dream, to get my own Apple computer, came true. RIP, Steve, we will miss you.
Dear Steve,          When I reflect on your behalf, I continuously feel inspiration. I've always appreciated the macintosh product from its design to revolutionary. You had a rare gift which allowed you to know what the people wanted. It was different, and it was special. My condolences to your family, God Bless.
I will miss you Steve and I know that you shared ideas that brightened  my world since I was a child and thank you for all your hard work.
He is my inspiration for being a pioneer who revolutionized technology.  REST IN PEACE STEV JOBS. I send my heartfelt condolences to the Jobs  family. GOD BLESS :):)
I regret that I came to the apple family late, but my regard for Steve Jobs has never been higher.  My regards and condolences to his family and peers.   It is mind boggling that one man can touch so many thru his own acts.   I am and will remain inspired.
Rest in peace Steve, you will always inspire us to do better and to find what we love.
Life is so unpredictable but gives each of us the opportunity to make the most out of each moment. Steve Jobs you did exactly that! Your dreams became our reality. Your vision gave so many hope, jobs, and the ability to dream and believe. Thank you for not being an everyday thinker but one who thought way outside of the box. Rest in peace you have more than left your mark on this world. It is up to those you touched to carry on your work.
现在微博上到处是来自iphone客户端的哀悼，更多的是来自其它途径，个人的意志真的能改变世界，乔布斯就是个例子，能够让庞大基数的买不起iphone的中国人来哀悼,当然买不起并不是他的错，谢谢他
You will be missed. Thank you for opening our minds and giving us all the world at the palm of our hands. Truly the Michael Jordan of innovation. Forever will have the below signature on all of my products. "sent from my iPhone"  Thanks dude, rest peacefully.
Thank you for your best Advise  - "Stay hungry stay foolish" ... RIP Steve.
A true genius is gone.  His passion and creativity will be never forgotten.  His work will be continued by his left behind team.  He will stay as a great inspiration.  My prayers to his loved ones and all the apple team.
You were a visionary. A legend beyond measure. Thank you for leading us into the 21st century.
Steve Jobs changed the world and made magic real. Godspeed.
My condolences to the family of Mr. Jobs. The world has lost a great leader, a warrior who did not quit until he died. May God rest his soul in peace and his vision continues to inspire, guide &amp; show the generations to come a clear path to leadership.
Steve Jobs was a true visionary and an inspiration to many of us who are de dicating our lives to use innovation to better human life. His legacy will carry on.
So saddened to hear about Steve. What an incredible innovator and  genius. He will be so missed. Thank you for everything Steve.
He was what America needed. He changed so many industries and become  the role model that children in America and the rest of the world  needed. He has truly changed the world. RIP Steve Jobs.
Steve has been an inspiration to many and was one of the most talented  people that the world has known. He will be remembered by us all as a  visionary, a person having the will power, the strength and courage to  pursue his vision. His products have touched all people, young and old.  We will miss him.
As a true visionary, I have always looked up to Steve Jobs. Since I was 5 or 6 years old, I've loved computers and have loved figuring out how things work. Thanks to Steve Jobs, he's made me want to do something important with my life. He has set the standard for technology, and I'm very proud to say that I've grown up around his amazing work. He's impacted my life more than most of my family, and I'm reacting worse than passing of family members. There's a slim chance that any one, in this day and age, could surpass the impact on society that Steve Jobs has given us.  Rest in Peace, Steve.
I am 36 years old, and if I had to pick an Icon that embodied my  lifetime (which is just over 3 decades of Incredible leaps in  technology), I would have to say that person is Steve Jobs.  99% of the technology that I use is Apple Products. I live in a Apple  Eco system because everything "just works" together. Thank you Steve for your contribution to this world, and to how I live  my life today.  Thank you for everything.
It's interesting how in our modern culture we latch on to people we  don't know. When the world lost Princess Diana many acted like they had  lost a close friend. I didn't know Steve Jobs, but I know how he touched  my life. It was in a real, and tangible way. I look at things partially  because he provided many of us the vehicle to travel, to listen and to  see the world and who we have become.
Whenever someone so inspiring and truly brilliant crosses over,  the   world is left a lesser place. It is very sad to hear he is no longer with us. Thank you for posting   such a wonderful picture of him. Sending his family and everyone at Apple heartfelt condolences.
Without doubt, the world loses a reference of creativity and an   excellent human being!  Great Job's need large pillows.
Thanks for inventing the ipod touch! its awsome! The world will miss you!
Its curious how all over the world the death of someone we know little of causes such an impact. I decided to write a few words to who ever will read this, or maybe no one will read this, but i write cause he was universal person, to some, it meant buisness to others it mean family, to some, friend, to some inspiration, to other leaders and genious. my condolences goes out to everyone, and i think it couldnt be better said, the spirit of steve should always be the foundation of apple.
You have inspired so many people and will continue to do so. You will be  so sadly and deeply missed.
He changed my life in 1984. I always had a goal of meeting him. But I guess I meet him everyday as I program on a Mac.  May his soul rest in peace.
So incredible I've always thought of your accomplishments.  So truly  remarkable.  You rock!  We're all the richer for you having spent time  with us.  God bless!
To Steve's family,  I was deeply saddened to hear the news about Steve Jobs today. Words seem inadequate to express the sadness we feel right now . Steve was the genius and the great creator. Mankind got lots of gains through great products from Apple, first selling model on Internet ­iTunes, first digital animation, Toy Story from Pixar, first Tablet, ... Who else in the world can create so many ³first times?!?! We will miss Steve Jobs ... And may the spirit of Steve Jobs be with Apple and us forever.
You are one of the reasons I'm here. Was happy to be with you. Will never forget you. Thank you.
Hi, i feel like i've lost a friend, even though i did not know M. Jobs personally, i knew i could count on him to come up with solutions,  great looking solutions,  in my quest for the modern world.
Steve Jobs is one inspiring, motivational, savvy, man. Being only 11 I can speak for my generation, that we haven't known Steve Jobs for the longest time, but in our era he changed the meaning of computer and took the word electronic much further than it has ever been. He has lived a full life and sent a good message to everyone on this planet. Without Mr. Jobs, we would have been several steps back than where we are today. Mr.Jobs surely did "Think Different" and had a confident attitude. RIP Steve Jobs. Our thought go out to your family and friends.
Dear Steve,  Our condolences to you, your family and friends.  You lived an inspired life and we thank you for sharing your life with the world.  We hope to build upon the solid foundation you laid.  Knowing you're in a better place, rest peacefully.
All the best and all my condolences to the Jobs Family... I wish them all the best....
My condolences to everyone who knew and loved Mr. Jobs. Without him, I would've never gotten dysentery fording the river, never would've been able to have impromptu 3 hour dance parties with my friends, never would've had the world at my fingertips, never would've truly believed that there was no limit to the imagination, and would not be nearly as close to my family and friends  who are far away. Without Mr. Jobs, my life would be without many memories and connections. It would be a life half lived. Thanks for living your life to the fullest, Mr. Jobs, and touching and changing the world. Forever.
I am in shock and deeply saddened. My condolences to his family and friends. We lost a great man.  Rest in peace Steve.
Our condolences to the famly and relatives of Steve Jobs.
today not only a family lost a great man, a company and the world also  lost it, from Mexico we want to let u know how much we sorry about it.  there are not enough word to say for sharing the shame that all we feel.  thanks Mr. Jobs for every little thing that made a huge difference.
Very sorry for Steve jobs family, friends, and co-workers. The world lost a great man today, I can't imagine where we would be without his guidance.
Steve Jobs was one of my personal heroes. I am currently studying computer science in high school, and we often talk about him and his achievements in our classes. Steve really inspired me to follow cs, and his life story is remarkable. The world really needs more people like him, because he really was the da Vinci of our time. It's just so amazing how one man could think of such amazing devices, such as mac os, ios, ipod, itunes, iphone, and ipad. He really will be remembered, and will be in our thoughts and prayers.
He dedicated all his life to change the world with unique ideas.  Rest in peace  Steve.
It's OK to be sad right now, but we should celebrate that he lived and thank  for everything he did for US.
So incredibly sad right now. I heard and I just started crying. I didn't expect that.  These products that he created have changed my life dramatically. And the things that make them work so great for me were the things that he was so passionate about. It wasn't just strategy for him creating that user experience that everyone talks about. A least I don't think so. I think it was love and respect for people. I really believe that. There's something magical about these devices, it's why people love them so much. And I think that magic is steve.
Condolences for the loss of a Steve Jobs, a warm, bright human being.
You have change my life and many others in ways I can't even begin to describe. Thank you for all your hard work and brilliance.
When I learned that Steve Jobs had passed away I literally shed tears.  He was inspirational. He was a man that changed the world as we know it.  I feel like he wasn't only able to think "inside the box" or "outside  the box", but view "the box" as an entirely different object or element.  So here I am rambling about a man I've never known, typing about him on  a device that he made happen. Steve Jobs, you've lived the American  dream and I admire you for that. My thoughts and concern go out to your  family and friends.  With condolences, a grateful modern American.
Steve Jobs has passed away. One of my favorite quotes from him has been "make a ding in the Universe". He indeed made a ding in mine. In my humble opinion amongst his many many assets, his greatest was his "instinct". Like Wayne Gretzky said once, "to anticipate where the puck was going to be". I would not eulogize him with big words. Just that I have total admiration and love for this man. No I did not get to live in the time of Henry Ford. I did more than make up though by living in the time of Steve Jobs     -       -
Rest in peace Steve Jobs and thanks for everything!
Am really so sad feels like losing a father have been following him so  religiously. He made dreams happen, its really sad and first time in my life i have  really shed tears for someone i have not seen or met personally in my  life; i wont eat today as a small gesture and also i wont be able to. RIP Steve Jobs. A job well done.
As a happy consumer of Apple products, I feel that it is only right to say a few words about the man that changed the way people use technology.  Six months ago, I converted to a Mac. Prior to that day, I was a full supporter of PC computers. Now, I wasn't one of those "are you a Mac person or a PC person" type, but now, more than ever, I AM that type of person. A Mac person. And I've never been more grateful for the man who made it all happen. All I ever wanted was a reliable computer that didn't freeze, make loud noises, delete my important documents, overheat, shut down, and break into pieces.  I finally have it.  I have since been more involved in Apple updates, and the life of Steve Jobs. I marveled at his accomplishments, his determination, his continuous good nature and kind heart. A month ago, a friend of mine sent me a forward of Steve Job's "Find What You Love" speech at Stanford University. She hoped to ease my nerves before starting my professional degree. I felt inspired and motivated by his words and his message.  I am deeply saddened by his passing and give my condolences to everyone that has ever known him. I know he had so much more to contribute to this world.  Here is to remembering Steve.
Thank you for changing the world forever. We will miss you. Rest in peace.
Steve Jobs was my hero... I learned to never give up and always be  creative. I've always been a true supporter of apple since i was a  little boy. I thank him for the computer i use everyday the iphone that  connects me to the world and the ipod that lets me enjoy music.
I got my first MacBook at the age of 16. Amongst my friends I was the very first to own an Apple computer. Right from an iPod to a MacBook to the iPhone and to the iPad, I have looked up to how Mr. Jobs has changed the world with his excellence.  I'm only 18 and do not know much about Mr. jobs, but I do know that his inventions excited me and gave me a whole new look at the gizmo world. Apple changed my life. Mr jobs changed my life. He was the man I looked up to and wanted to be like. I will miss you very much Mr. Jobs.
To Steve Job's Family  Apple has contributed so much to the human race electronically. Steve together with others have made our lives much easier to live. We can print, surf the net, compined electronics, etc.  Steve, u will NEVER be forgotten bec of Apple Computers.....
The world has lost a great man...a visionary of the best kind. He was   a DaVinci of our time. I never knew him personally and yet tears come   to my eyes. I have lived by the statement... once you go Mac, you   never go back... and I certainly will always be an Apple lover. May he   rest in peace and may his many friends bring comfort to his family.
We know that in times like these, no word is sufficient, however, I send my condolences on the passing of our beloved Steve Jobs.
Thanks, Steve, for having so many dreams, seeing them to fruition, and sharing them with all of us.  You made your world, and ours, a better place.  We will miss you, and your creativity.
The world will never be the same. The world has lost the best genius. Thank you for iMac, iPod, iPad, iPhone, and Mac. We will never forget.
Steve,  You changed the world with your amazing technology, and opened minds to  different ideas. Your business skills are unsurpassed by any other  organisation, and as such I watched your career during my 22 years on  the earth very closely.  Your technology is the framework of my success at University. I admire  your hard work and dedication to an organisation.  Rest in Peace, Steve.
Iam so sorry. You are the best. Thank you for God who send you to us.
Thank you for being such an inspiration in my life. Your magic changed the world forever!  Mil gracias! Dios te bendiga!
I consider myself incredibly fortunate to have lived in the same day and  age as Steve Jobs. Because of him, I know for certain that a lone man with vision,  tenacity, focus, and a sense of purpose can indeed change the world. I am humbled.....and this day, immeasurably sad. My heart breaks for his wife and children, as I cannot imagine the depth  of their grief this day.  RIP and Godspeed, Steve Jobs. Thank you for inspiring me in more ways  than any words could adequately describe. We will miss you.
Steve Jobs was a remarkable human being.  I am thankful that Steve was part of my generation.  He was inspirational as an innovator, entrepreneur, intellectual and leader.  My thoughts and prayers go out to his family.
Not just Apple, not just me, but the world.    I was never one to  worry about what your private life was like, but what I did see, what you  did on the public side was absolutely amazing!!  We will all miss you!
I am not sure where this email will go, but here it goes...  We have truly lost a visionary person that this world will never forget. His passion for life, inspiration, and true inspiration is what makes a unique leader.  I truly want to thank Steve for creating products that people will be using for generations to come.  More importantly, for helping my child communicate more effectively to us through the iPad.   Rest in peace and ensure that our prayers are with his family.
Steve Jobs has had a profound impact on every day of my life as long as I can remember. From experiencing youthful delight using my family's Macintosh Plus when I was a 4 year old to navigating complex and modern unique mental spaces that occupy my day to day work and leisure as an adult, I don't know what I would have done without his profoundly creative vision.  I'm glad he was able to create the Apple of today. His legacy will continue, I'm quite sure of that and look forward to what's yet to come.
Steve Jobs will be remembered by much of the world for his innovations and perseverance. To the world, an imaginative man has been lost, but they may be no greater esteem then the use of his innovations around the world today. R.I.P Steve Jobs.
Rest In Peace Steve Jobs. Apple won't be the same without you.
In his passing I would like to say- thank you, for what you have   created and left behind for all of us to use. Not only were you   innovative, you presented us, through the establishment of and   collaboration within your company, the ability to Be innovative. Thank   you. Rest in peace- you have had quite a journey.
Steve, thank u for being born and thank u for fighting in life!!!
Thank you for living a life of inspiration, passion and higher goals. Dream big.
I am so deeply upset by this tragic loss. Steve was such an inspiration  to so many people around the world including myself this brings me to  such deep tears. What a wonderful wonderful man this earth has produced  and it is so tragic he can no longer be with us. May he rest in pure  peace. I may not know you Steve but thank you for everything you have  brought to this world.
Steve helped me to realise myself what I can do and what I should not pay attention to. Do best as one can. His spirit will be the part of my remaining life. It seems that he did not pass away. I can feel him around my working time.
Simply thank you!!! Go in peace, genius!
Steve you are my hero. You changed the world. Without you the world will not  be the same. Rest in piece, condolence to your family.
Dear Steve,     It is hard to express to you the difference you have made in my life.  Rarely  do people come along in this world whose philosophies and ideas shape a  generation and indeed a planet at the level you have.  What is important is that  you did that one person at a time, one child at a time, one life at a time.  My  life was one of those.  For as long as I can I remember I have carried your  ideas around with me.  They began with a big bulky box in a heavy bag and  continue with the smallest of devices that I carry around in my pocket.  Devices  that I live with throughout my day.  These ideas have allowed me to unleash  untold creative ideas and products, teach young minds about their world, and  help friends find their way.  I thank you from the bottom of my heart for your  vision.  It truly has made a difference in my life.  All this from a person you never met.  God Bless you and keep you Steve Jobs - you will be missed.  An apple customer for the past 26 years.
I had the great fortune of working for Apple retail for a short period of time. It was the best company I have ever worked for, and was always thrilled when I would receive a company broadcast email from Steve as part of the "team." My wife and daughters can name no other CEO in any company other than Steve. I made sure of that, and they have fallen in line as being Apple fans as well. It's all because of what Steve and the incredible team at Apple have  put together. We will certainly miss Steve and his legacy. Thanks for every thing.
I'm sure all of us will remember him very deeply. He had a great,  fulfilling life and gave technology a new world to create.
You change the world, we love you, Steve.
There will never be another human being like Steve.
Thanks Steve (and all in Apple) for designing these beautiful/functional machines.  Steve will be missed.
I am certain  Mr. Jobs was and will continue to be one of the most brilliant minds of  this century. A true visionary who made of technology his truest  artistic expression. His memory will forever live in the hearts of those  who like me truly believe in holding on to ones ideals. Steve Jobs, my heart is heavy today because of your parting, you  will always be an inspiration to me as a free thinker, a businessman and  a true artist.
I have no words to describe my admiration for this man. He is now an eternal spirit, that will continue to inspire generations to come.
So sad. He made the world a better place. Thank you Steve.  My condolences  to his family.
So sad, but grateful for a life well lived.  He was an inspiration.
R.I.P Steve. You will always be an inspiration!
Dear Apple,  As a Chinese college student who enjoys Apple's product, admires Apple, and loves Mr. jobs, I was so depressed when I heard he was gone.  What he left to us are surely more than those amazing products developed by Apple. This fantastic human will continue inspiring us a long long way. He is  more than phenomenal. Carry on, Apple.
I fell in love with my first MAC in 1987, and have been in love with   Apple ever since.  Steve, your vision of what these products could do   enabled me and millions of others to express our creativity in ways we   once thought unimaginable.  I can think of no greater gift to humanity   than helping us all tap into our limitless potential to make art.    Thank you from the bottom of my heart.
Thank you so much Steve for all you did to inspire the world.  We will always remember you.
Condolences,  Much Blessings to Jobs' Family and to the Apple Family. We are grateful  of the piece of history.
My sorrow for that loss, but his legacy will never be lost.
Steve, you have inspired me. i love the company you built up. i own many  apple products and i will be buying more in the future. thank you for  everything.
his spirit is all around. we were blessed to live in his lifetime.
Steve is kind of my hero.  End of Story.
Has change my life and my families and most people around us. He was truly inspirational. He will be missed. RIP
My heart is darken by the loss of our amazing Steve Jobs. As an ex-Apple retail and die-hard Apple fan, my deepest blessing goes out to Steve's close friends and family. Steve you touched the life of so many people you will be missed!
What a genius this man was- he changed the lives of many. RIP to a wonderful man and amazing role model.
A giant of technology who has left a brilliant legacy. Steve and his team made everything else in personal computing and mobile communications look utterly ordinary. He left too early but will always be remembered with great affection.
I am proud to live in the wonderful world that you have changed.  R.I.P
Hi Steve,  I always wanted to write you an email but i feared that you wouldn't reply. But now you are in a position where you know what's going on.  I just wanted to say that you have been an inspiration for me. The only way that i can thank you is by listening to what you had said- you had asked us to follow are hearts. I will Steve. I want to change me life. And i will start now.  Thank you for all that you've done for us.  Rest in Peace.
My heart goes out to everyone who loved this mans legacy!!!!
R.I.P Steve Jobs...You'll be missed...you founded an awesome company, got fired by them, came back to them when they were at their lowest point, brought the mac back to life, made iPod a household name, when the doubters said, "what does a computer company know about making a phone!!" You made iPhone a household name and now billions and billions of people enjoy your product and it helps them out with their everyday lives. Steve Jobs was an innovator and had a great vision for his company, may you find peace... I can only hope to one day get a job with the company that you help found....Truly an innovator and like someone else quoted, "the apple of america's eye!!"
I am deeply saddened by this news. He will be sorely missed! Thank you  for everything! You have given the world so much!  Death is very likely the best invention of life. All pride, all fear of  embarrassment or failure, these things just fall away in the face of  death, leaving only what is truly important.
Nobody could have done what Steve Jobs did. Everything I use is apple. Everything I love electronic is apple. Apple has come so far. R.I.P. Steve Jobs.
Steve Jobs didn't know me, but he didn't need to. He still changed my life. As a graduating college student with a degree in Creative Writing, as a songwriter, and as a self-producing musician, Steve Jobs, through his innovations with Apple, has altered what I do on every level--as a poet, as a guitarist, and as someone who just wants to use computers without thinking about them as computers. Steve Jobs was the man who made me believe that computers are not inherently evil. He has inspired me to be an innovator, to follow my own passionates, risking it all on what I know is the right thing. Apple has a gap which can't be filled; but that only underscores the importance of this man: he has left something behind bigger than just one man's mortality. Apple can't help but continue being innovators in its field. Jobs is still alive in Apple, in everything it does at every level.
Life is too short not to THINK DIFFERENT everyday.... thanks Steve.  The world will miss you greatly.
Just bought my first iPhone a few weeks ago--I never imagined how cool a cell phone could be.  So sorry for his family and friends.
SJ - Thanks for the innovations You made a Difference!
Thanks for sharing and making your vision a reality....you will be   missed.  Peace to Steve and the Apple family.
RIP, our genius master of technological innovation. Though you will truly be missed, you legend will live on forever, and the blessings from what you have taught us will continue to direct us where we advance to for years to come.
Thank you Steve for all that you have given us over the years.  Thank you for your Vision, your Creativity, your Dedication to seeking Perfection in all you did and all you created.  Thank you for giving us tools and toys we didn't even know we would need or want.  Thank you for all the "insanely great" machines from the Apple II to the first MAC, the IPODS, the IPHONES and the IPADS.  Thank you for building the greatest computer and consumer products company on the planet.  Thank you for building a team who will continue to follow your vision and build on your legacy.  You truly changed the world.  And the world is a lesser place without you in it.  True visionaries come to us maybe once every hundred years or so.  You will be greatly missed by all.  Peace be with you and your family and all of your extended Apple family
I have to believe that Steve Jobs made tech cool and appealing. Without him and his partners, I feel that we "as users" would not be the same. RIP Steve Jobs.
Not only has Apple lost a creative genius, but we will all miss the   man, his vision and the way he had the ability to change our lives.  This is a sorrowful day.
I would like to express my deepest condolences to the family of the most brilliant gentleman in the Whole world, and also everyone in the Apple. He will be always remembered, I am very shocked By this news. God bless his family  May he rest in peace.
Thank you Mr Jobs, you showed humanity that one man can influence the world for the better.  Love you, and thanks for all the energy you gave to us.  Rest in Peace my Brother.
The next generations will think of Steve the way that we think of Einstein,  Edison, etc.  He is one of our world's greats.
Dear Sirs:  Steve Jobs changed the way my family and friends live. I hope that his enthusiasm and innovation will inspire current and future generations to always excel.  I will miss his keynotes a lot.
I grieve for the future of computing. I grieve not only for the loss of Steve Jobs' talent and vision but the inspiration that he provided. Everybody in the technology world pushed themselves just a little harder because Steve Jobs set the bar so high.  As John F. Kennedy was to the space race, Steve Jobs was to the connectivity between man and machine.
You were a great great man. You will be missed!
The heart of Apple (us users) will forever be heavy as the true  patriarch is gone. Rest in Peace Steve Jobs.   --You will always be the  "Apple" of our eyes as we watch what evolves now from the great company  you created!!!
Steve Jobs passing? I can't believe it. I am shocked. I am a news junkie, but I had not heard anything about this!   I feel that I personally have been touched. I loved to hear him speak of his plans. Yes, he had great vision. I really do not have anything to do with Steve, or Apple Computer.  	But I own an Apple I-Mac, and I love it!  I am so much older than Steve, but I am not even close to his vision   and intelligence. Steve, may you rest in peace!
He was the missing piece of the puzzle and because of him there's no longer a  puzzle. It's solved! But it's still missing something. The awesome in apple.
Hi.  Just wanted to share my heartfelt condolences with  the family and  friends of Steve.  Not only was Steve a visionary and a  genius, but also a  powerful entity.  Though I never had the pleasure  of meeting him, he seemed  like a special person; a down-to-earth and kind  man, with an incredible  intellect.  Some of the thoughts and wisdom  that shined during his commencement  speeches, were very powerful and  truly inspirational.  The world lost a  good soul, before his  time.  My thoughts go out to everyone that is touched by  his  unfortunate passing.
My heartfelt feelings to the family. May God grant you serenity and strength to go through this time.﻿ With respect and admiration.
I have never met Steve Jobs. But I have lost a hero. Even though this is a sad time, it is also a time to look forward, and to celebrate the man that started it all.  I give my condolences to Steve's family.  I just want to say thank you, Steve.
We'll miss you Steve Jobs. Your were a great inventor. I begged my parents for a  two whole years to get your second and third generation Ipod touches. You do not  know how much the world will miss you. You will be missed. I hope to truly meet  you in heaven someday
I don't know too many personal stories about Steve besides what the  majority of the public already knows, but I feel that his death is the  death of so many aspirations and excitement that the general public  holds when Steve does what he does best.... reinventing the way we  think, act, and communicate. May he rest in peace and with his Lord.
My prayers go out to Steve's family, friends and  co-workers.  Today the  world has lost one of the most amazing human  beings, but Heaven has gained a  wonderful angel.     Steve first touched my life in 1983 when the first computer I ever  learned  to use was the original Mac.  No hard drive, one floppy disk drive,  small  black and white screen and this crazy thing called a mouse.  One  "click"  and I was hooked.  Many Macs, iPods, iPhones and iPad later,  I'm still  impressed and always a fan.   My deepest condolences.
What a shock and what a loss to the world. He was a visionary.  Prayers and comfort to friends and family.
Wow. Steve was such an inspiration to us all- a visionary, a leader, and a man, who without his contributions, the world would be a different place. His ideas, and inventions really changed the way we use our lives today, and we take technology for granted sometimes. He really made a contribution to the world, and was extraordinary and set his standards high. May his family, and the Apple family be consoled.
You made this world a better place. May you rest in peace.
The world has lost a true icon. The genius of the great man was only surpass ed by his passion and determination in building a truly world class organiza tion dedicated to giving the world amazing products. He led the way in makin g simple design elegant again. May his soul rest in peace. My condolences to his family.
A true Inspirational Leader of our times, iconic CEO, Steve made Tech fashionable, he made the vision of the future in the Mac SE how it enriched our lives, creating a pathway for innovation and design. He was a living genius who changed the face of the tech world for the better.
My condolences to Steve's wife and family, friends and collegues.Today, we all lost a family member. Through his vision and the technologies that resulted from it, and as users of those technologies, Steve connected all of us together as one big family. He made us feel like we were part of something bigger than all of us.  Rest in Peace my friend,  Long Live Apple.
Rest in peace and our thoughts are with your family and friends.  Thank you for everything you have done, you were a true visionary one that time will not forget.
My sincere condolences to the family of Steve Jobs and Apple, today we lost a genius, a visionary person, capable of creating a company like Apple from nothing and yet and capable to kept his ideals and be able to transmit it to the world, a simple person. Rests in peace.
Thank you for everything you have done to make my life more enjoyable.   I am truly sorry for your loss.
I design and edit on Mac , I hear my music on Mac , getting inspiered on Mac ... Talking with friends on Mac .. Writing my ideas on Mac... playing games on Mac .. 90% of my life on Mac ... I feel like I have known ........ Steve Jobs rest in peace and thank you for every thing
Every day I'm reminded of how amazing Steve Job is, and was.  From my iPhone, my MacBook Pro, my iMac, my iPod Touch and yes, my iPad 2. Thank you Steve for everything you've made Apple, and for enabling millions to work, live, play and learn.
I am thankful for Steve's time with us as an inventor, a creator and as a driver of passion, commitment and inspiration.
Dear Steve  I am a young mac user ( 2010~) from Hong Kong. I feel so wonderful when I use mac machine first time. Many many thanks you make a wonderful &amp; amazing mac life world to us.  Thank you very much &amp; miss you forever~!!
Steve jobs   I was really touched by your speech of the Stanford. I appreciate your words Thanks again. I will follow your teachings.
The world lost a great man today and I am deeply saddened by it. He's been such an inspiration to me in everything that I do. Steve said  "You've got to find what you love". There are 2 things in life that I love, Apple and Music. I am fortunate enough to have worked for Apple and I loved every minute of it, I was hired at the age of 19 and would have stayed until the day I died, but back in July, my singer and I signed a record deal with EMI Worldwide and I had to leave Apple for my other love in life, music. I wanted to let you know and everyone at Apple that when our single "Saving Grace" hits the airwaves, I dedicate it to Steve and the entire Apple Family. You will see us on iTunes in time.
Actually I was very saddened by the death of Steve Jobs.  He will always be a source of inspiration for innovation and creativity within a sophisticated concept of simplicity. It is an honor to have an interesting product for producing a genius.   May God protect this great man. His legacy will always be remembered in this infinite virtual world and real.
Thanks for all the work you did Steve.   You were one of the greatest  minds the world has ever seen.
The best. The Genius. Nothing will be as before.
The day my partner replaced her desktop PC with an iMac in the mid-2000s it changed her life. Several iPhones and desktops and laptops later in our home and her family's homes and soon a likely iPad for my parents who have yet to join the online world, we are so very grateful. Steve Jobs brought us amazing  worlds and fun and ease with his visionary genius. Rest in peace Steve - you will be sorely missed and forever admired and appreciated.
I never met Steve Jobs. However, his genius makes my life more enjoyable and my job more efficient as I use the products he and the others at Apple have devised. I am not a "switcher." I can honestly say as a 40 year old male that I have owned only Apple products and they have never let me down.  When I got the news that he had resigned, I knew that his death was probably near. But when I got the "breaking news" email that he had passed away, my heart sank. I know he is irreplaceable in many ways, but I hope Apple continues down the path that Steve blazed in creating such high quality, beautiful and dependable products that "just work."  We are most like God when we are creative. Well, Steve was a creative genius. I pray he was at peace with his Maker. They will have a lot to discuss!
I am 57 and am so in love with my IPAD2 people laugh at me a bit.  I am looking forward to pre-ordering my new IPhone on Friday.  Thank you Steve. Thank you to all the wonderful employees of Apple. Thank you to Steve's family for sharing him so he could share greatness with the world.  I am sorry for the loss you are all feeling now.
I wrote my first lines of code on an Apple IIe when I was barely in elementary school. That experience shaped my life immeasurably. Learning how to code at such a young age taught me how to think and solve complex problems. It led to my first job, working as a software developer when I was seventeen. Steve's example  made me want to start my own company, which I have, and his exquisite taste has an impact of virtually every decision I make. He will be missed.
Words cannot describe what this man has done for the world.   Thoughts go out to everyone who was close to him and his family.  The world won't be the same without Steve.
Steve did manage to make a dent in the universe!  Our sincere condolences.   R.I.P. Seve Jobs.
To Steve:  Restart and reboot yourself Steve, you are free to go. Password: Apple enter here, right now. Force quit: directly to iCloud. Move to trash: never. Rise up as a Leopard, Tiger or Lion. You will never die. You are free to go.  Mixing some lyrics of the Unknown caller U2 song. Typing from my great Macbook Pro.
There is only one person in the tech industry that I respect and salute as the legendary The Steve Jobs ....just passed away and I am so sad that can't even explain in words...RIP The one and only GodFather of iGeneration ,the creator of iPod,iPhone,iPad,iMac...world will always remember you....
The world has lost a great man, a void that may never be filled by another.  Rest in peace Steve.
It is no exaggeration to say that few creators have influenced my life more than Steve Jobs.  Thank you, sir.
Dear God,  If there is heaven, or paradise, please get this great man there, and allow him the noblest suite. Give him a simple job and does not require much, but leave it free to create, no doubt he will contribute greatly to cool ideas to improve the world and help you revolutionize and implement. Know that here on earth he changed history.  Steve go with God, your family stay comfortable and at peace.
Rarely does one man's passing rob humankind's future of so much promise but seldom has one man created such a beautiful future for our species.  Love ya forever Steve
I'm so sorry and I'll be always thanks when I use my iPhone. STEVE JOBS ... Rest In Peace...
Hi,  I would like to express my condolences to the family, friends, and colleagues of Steve Jobs.  I know that, in America, Steve Jobs played a big role in many ways. I didn't have the same opportunity to at least hear all the great work he's been doing right from the start until Youtube was born. At a younger age, I remember catching only few second glimpses of him and Apple's progress as he presented himself and his company to media. Needless to say, when I had the opportunity with the help of the Internet, I became a huge fan of Steve Jobs as I discover how he really changed the world. How I wish he is still with us for a much longer time. I share in your sorrow on this sad moment.
Are there any words that can truly convey the genious of Steve Jobs? The man who created some of the greatest technological innovations of our times. Who taught us it is ok to fail, to be different, and that we can learn from our failures and mistakes. Who lived with such passion, productivity, and creativity even in the face of a long battle with cancer. He represents all that is beautiful and awesome in humanity. What a gift to human civilization. He will be deeply missed.
I would just to offer my deepest condolences from the bottom of my heart. Steve was an inspiration to every tech head out there, whether they would like to admit or not. I just want to say thank you, Steve, for inspiring me and billions of other people to strive only for the best. You changed the world. May you rest in peace.
Steve Jobs, a genius who has changed so many lives in so many ways for the better. He'll be sadly missed. Our thoughts and well wishes go to Steve's family, friends and colleagues. Rest in peace.
Una gran persona. Un genio. Un emprendedor. Por siempre...
Although I did not know Steve, upon hearing the news of his death, I felt like I knew him personally.  His inspiration definitely transcended his creative mind and touched the hearts of billions.  The world has truly lost an amazing person.  Keep up the great work, Apple.
Thank you for everything, Steve Jobs. Your enthusiasm and dedication to technology and the future was incredible and will be missed. Rest in peace and God bless.
Thank you, Steve....for everything.
As someone who once was a technological Luddite, I would like to offer my sincere thanks to Mr. Jobs for loosening and evolving the boundaries of my mind, and for making the prospect of the future fun.
My name is Michael. Steve Jobs is a mentor to me. Everybody at work and  all my friends, I would tell them to buy Macs, Ipads, and Iphones. I  would always bring up Mr. jobs. Without Steve Jobs the world would not  be the same. He has changed what cell phones look like and what they can  do. The IPad and the Iphone are two greatest inventions. Steve Jobs name  will never be forgotten. I feel bad that he had a form of pancreatic  cancer. I am so sorry that everyone loss him to early. I feel so bad for  his family and close friends. My heart is broken, Mr Steve Jobs will  forever be in my heart.  I am so sad for this loss.
The world will remember you  Steve.
It was great shock and deeply sad news. my condolences to Steve's family, friend and all the people who loved Steve.  Never had chance to meet him personally but his life really was influencing to my growth. It was great joy to watch how Steve drastically change his destinies and I truly loved his creative products as customer. One of most inspiring, motivating person to my life and I always dreamed about the courage and passion he had. Learned a lot from you, Steve. Thank you very much and you will be missed.
Our thoughts are with the Jobs family. We will miss Steve and remember the legacy he left behind.
Steve was a great creator of irresistible technologies - new kind of  pleasure - for people, who have creative thinking and who generate  ideas. He was the hard-worker that always inspired me with his thorough  approach to   every detail in his project by polishing the results of  his research until they could shift everyone's expectation.  Im just a user of Apple, but I feel proud to be a part of Apple's  family.  And I would like to thank Steve for the dream that he sold to me in a  form of technology.  I present my condolences to Steve's family and Apple Team.
All of those studies that state we are at the nascent stage of becoming cyborg-like by offloading part of our memories increasingly to electronic devices is true.  I am glad I lived in a time of visionaries like Steve Jobs who made those "electronic devices" we were incorporating into our very beings just a bit more human than what had come before.
This man (Steve Jobs) has transformed many households and lives, its  great i lived during his time on earth. RIP Steve.
Steve was one of the greatest humans ever to live and inspire human   innovation. He lives among the great names of, Ford, Disney, Edison,   Rockefeller. He will be sorely missed.
My prayers goes out firstly to the Jobs family, friends and people at large who his life's work affected. I just had to thank God for his life. Through his work he literally changed my life from my first encounters with a Mac way  back in the mid-eighties at college, through to becoming a graphic designer  right up until today. Thank you once again Mr Steve Jobs, who made expressing my creativity a complete joy. "once your a graphic designer, always a graphic designer" especially with a Mac to work on. -  Rest in peace.
Thanks for bring such an innovator!  You will be truly missed.
Steve was a great man who made Apple what it is today.  I hope his legacy is continued.
When I got a Mac I was 12, and even with all the problems that I needed surpass (I didn't even know how to turn on that machine), with school works didn't working because of the file format, considerated different, a strange. Even with that I saw on my Mac the opportunity of realize all my dreams, in my country I want to be something that it's almost impossible to happen, study cinema, arts, game design and computer science. I saw on Mac a cover, where I could do everything, a way to I reach my goals. So what I must do is thank you, Steve Jobs, because you were a dreamer that made me believe in my own dreams.   I will miss you, I will miss your innovative way, your dreams.     From a 14 years old boy that saw on Mac his future.
World will miss this amazing human being!!!! He was very motivational and spirited. God bless his Sole.
Even though I never knew Steve personally, this news struck me hard. In losing him we have lost a visionary, a genius, and in his own sense a world leader. He will not be forgotten.
From our family to the Jobs and Apple families, our sincerest  condolences.  Mr. Jobs was a true visionary. I will never forget the  1984 Apple commercial nor his constant push for newer and better  technology.  His legacy will forever live.  This world is a better place  because of him.
I have been one of Apple's best unpaid salesman for almost 15 years! Thank you Steve for making the world a better place with your vision and courage. Go Apple!
I had just left an Apple Store when I heard the news. It is hard to believe that he is gone. My life has been changed because of what he gave. I am forever grateful. Thanks Steve.
I am sorry for the loss
My thoughts and prayers go out to the family and friends of Steve Jobs   in this the most difficult of times. Steve will always be remembered   as a visionary, pioneer, a man truly ahead of his time. You will be   missed but never forgotten.
Steve was my idol, his knowledge in computers has inspired me to try and  be like him, even though this is probably an impossible goal. Steve was  truly an amazing person, and will forever be in my heart as the most  influential person of the modern era. Steve, you will be missed.
The world has lost an immense human being.  May his life and achievements inspire generations to come.
RIP Steve Jobs, an extraordinary person. We'll miss him.
Steve Jobs inspired us all so much, I know for certain he inspired and changed my life. When I didn't know what to do with my life Apple products showed me a path for my imagination. I thank Steve Jobs for his vision and he will always be remembered. My prayers are with his family and friends. Thank you Steve Jobs for showing us we can live out our dreams.
...and thank you for adding fun to technology and for improving the lives of all who use your incredibly visionary products.
My condolences to the passing of a great person who changed the face of consumer electronics.
Thank you for an amazing ride. The world we live in would have been very boring were it not for you changing it radically the last 14 years.   I consider myself extremely lucky to have lived in your insanely great time.  Rest in peace.
Steve You will be missed forever! Your character, way of life and tremendous products that you created with passion and love will always be buried deep in our DNA. You will always be a legend! Rest in peace.
"With Great Power, Comes Great responsibility" Well done Steve for excellence and visionary within your Field. You will be missed.
YOU Changed this world and brought so much to everyone lives directly and indirectly, I hope you can now rest in peace after fighting Cancer. you will be missed. thank your for everything, there was only one thing that i wished i had the chance to meet you, R.I.P Steve thanks for everything.
Apple and the world have lost a very powerful and amazing pioneer and visionary. I know Apple will succeed and follow Steve's vision for the company and the world. He will be missed best of luck and condolences to everyone at Apple and to Mr Job's family!
He can now truly see the impact he made on the world. And we all can embrace him in our hearts - after all - he connected us all.  One. Amazing. Man.   With so much love.
I saw him briefly at Apple HQ cafeteria in Cupertino this summer while standing in line waiting to order sushi. I turned around and he was standing right next to me looking me in the face. I was a star struck bright eyed kid lost in a trance unable to look away, smiling ear to ear.  Steve was my idol and my great mentor.  Thank you.  RIP
Thanks for your vision and dedication.  You are an inspiration and a difficult act to duplicate, but a journey worth following!  Rest in Peace Steve!
Such an innovator.  Forever when I think about any type of technology I  will think of Steve Jobs.  I did not know him personally but I know his  kind of genius only comes once in a lifetime.  My heartfelt condolences  go out to Mr. Jobs' family.  Rest in love.
At 36-years-old I can say I truly grew up with Apple; the very first computer I had the chance to use was an Apple IIe. When I was in 4th grade my mom transitioned from a kindergarten teacher to the computer coordinator in my Catholic school district, which allowed our family to be integrated into the continuous innovations of Apple. The exciting revolutions that Jobs orchestra led is a major influence on why I became a professor of technology. It only seems fitting that I learned about Mr. Jobs' passing from the AP wire app on my iPhone.   It is truly a sad day.  My condolences to Steve Jobs' family and friends. His impact on society will  carry on forever.
These are the numbers of years I've been using Apple's products. It all  started with a Macintosh Performa in 1996, first computer the family  bought. I was 6. I was in my home city, Lyon, France. Now I've got my own MacBook, and I'm an iPhone developer for a company  in London.  Somehow, Steve Jobs has built things that my whole life have been  surrounded with and I owe him my passion and my work. I never meet him, nor talk to him. I wish I had. I'm sad.  I thank everybody at Apple for having made the world a better place  thanks to incredible products, always right and trustworthy. I send you  all my best thoughts to continue without Steve. To produce great  software and products that... that just fit.
Steve Jobs was and still is my role model. His work has inspired me to try and become a designer at Apple. I will greatly miss him, as I am sure every Apple fan will as well. I am keeping his family in my prayers and hope that only the world can see this as another opportunity to reflect on his genius, instead of his passing.
Though we didn't know Steve personally, his genius and vision encouraged us to dream and make those dreams a reality. We will be praying for all of you: it's been a tough series of years, and we know the pain of chronic illness takes it toll on all. Steve inspired us, and we send our sincere condolences to those close to him.
I had one person I wanted to meet in my life, and that one person was Steve Jobs. I'm only 17 and I know that it would be a slim shot to meet him, but I always just thought that I would meet him, my idol, my role model. Only if I was able to just talk to him for 5 minutes, that would mean the world, but at least he's making iPhones for God in heaven now. Thomas Edison of our time is Steve Jobs.
Among many other things, your 2005 Stanford commencement speech is one  of the most inspiring events I can think off.  May your spirit soar.
The world mourns with you. He touched lives from coast to coast and from continent. Your family is in our prayers. May God bless and keep you.
I did not know Steve. I use many apple product every day at home and at work  and I am just thankful for all he has done to create a wonderful company and amazing life changing products. May his memory always be as a blessing.
Steve made the world more accessible, and somehow, he did it while  revealing more of its own beauty and shine.
Thank you for your help
You and the companies you created (Apple and Pixar) have made my life easier, interesting, and more fun. Even without seeing or knowing me, you've touched me greatly. Rest in peace....
Sirs,      Apple today lost a great leader of men. My condolences.      Thanks,      Rodrigo
My prayers go out to his family. We have lost someone that has changed world through technology! His brilliance was shown and we must continue to equip and inspire our young people to create!
Sad for his family and all of us.
Prezados,  Meu grande sonho era de simplesmente um dia apertar a mão de Steve, tenho acompanhado sua carreira desde que entendo por informática e justo no ano do meu nascimento se fez o Apple Lisa, fiquei muito triste com esse fato. O meu sentimento de ter perdido algo que sempre me motivou por sua inteligencia e perspicácia esta muito forte, pois o Steve foi e sempre será para mim o patrono da informática o grande idealisador. Infelizmente não consegui realizar o meu sonho mais o poder de Deus se manifesta nele pois sempre nos trouxe a alegria de usar o produtos criados pela Apple, que Deus possa abençoar sua família e confortá-los. De tão grande vontade era de conhecer esse criador que hoje trabalho com a Gestao da Tecnologia por sua causa.  Fica aqui um grande abraço e os meus sentimentos ao grande patrono da evolução da Infomática.
Truly original thinkers are very, very rare, and Steve fundamentally changed the industry not once, but several times, over 4 decades with truly original thought. We may have seen many things differently, but there was no doubting your genius.
Hi,   I live in Seoul, Korea and I don't know Steve in person of course. But I am using iPhone and iPad 2 and always surprised of how those products are innovative and kind. Thanks to him, I feel that I am in 21st century indeed.   Steve, the world in 10 years with you           the world in 10 years without you           it must be different...I will miss you.            I am sorry for the loss of great man.
A role model who inspired us a lot ... will miss you ...iSalute
A legend by modern day standards. Creating things that change our life and lighten our load. Thanks for all these. We will miss you. Your legacy shall continue.
He will be missed by the whole world,  may he rest in peace.
Mr. Jobs, although I never met him, was the greatest inspiration in my  life.  He taught me that any vision could be built, and that any problem  could be solved.  He also inspired me during my toughest times in life  that all struggles could be overcome.  We have lost one of the greatest  minds of our modern history.   Rest in Peace Mr. Jobs.
To say Steve will be remembered is an understatement.  His contribution to the computing world is immeasurable.  I am at a loss for words.  God's speed, Steve.  You, sir, will be missed.
I am truly sad to hear that our hero, the person who.changed our lives for the better, is not with us any more.  If there were more people like Steve, this would be a much better world.  The best of wishes to his family and friends. Apple user since the Apple 2c  Sent from my iPad
Thank you Steve for changing the world...I always waited for the one more thing.
Steve,   Thank you.
He will be alive until the last music of the latest iPod stop playing.
Every day Steve's products allow us to conduct our lives efficiently and elegantly. His visionary products have the power to inspire, trust and depend- something only found In true friendship. Thank you Steve for all that you have done and will continue to do for generations to come.
I looked up to Steve Jobs throughout my life. I was always amazed by  his next thing and whenever he did a presentation. I cannot believe that  he is gone. I send my condolences to his entire family. He will be  missed very much.
There were some things you could always look forward to on a daily basis and that ALWAYS included whatever Steve Jobs was up to. A truly unique, sincere and dedicated person that I greatly respected and admired. Not only did he Think Differently. He Thought Right.
I have nothing to say but THANK YOU!
RIP, Steve Jobs.     And thank you.
It's a great shock and it took some time for me to recompose myself. It is a very sad day in the history of innovation and I'm greatly depressed by hearing this as I'm a great fan of Steve and idolize him to the core.  We will always remember you Steve!
So sorry to hear what happened to Steve Jobs he is going to be missed by so many out there. Steve's family and the people of Apple has my deepest and sincere condolences. Steve's legacy not just at Apple but in the Computer World, The Consumer Electronics World, and with the various individuals who proudly own the various products made by Apple.   Rest In Peace and may Steve Jobs and his legacy be remembered for years to come.
Absolutely heartbroken of the news!  It was clear he was a passionate man but above all a genius.  Will be missed greatly!
He has changed the way people think. When my son was not even two he could unlock the touch and find his folder and play his games and books. Apple was the first fruit he could say. Thank you Steve and everyone for helping to change the world.
I was typing a long text, expecting to find the right words to describe  the man and this unfortunate moment, but I thrown it all out.  My condolences to all friends, family.  To all Apple, this goes without saying it, but I'm sure you guys had the  privilege to be near one of the greatest.  Farewell, Steve.
You were a brilliant mind that revolutionized the way we communicate.  I forever am an Apple fan due to your innovative designs and your ability to realize what the consumer wants.  I feel like I lost a friend despite,unfortunately, never actually knowing you.  Condolences to your family and all linked to Apple.  You left this world a better place, something we can only hope to do too.
Our deepest condolences to the bereaved family of STEVE JOBS, may our  LORD GOD ALMIGHTY grant his soul eternal rest.
Rest In peace Steve Jobs. I'm keeping my iPad off for an hour today to remind myself how life was before your wonderful invention.
We have lost a genius, a revolutionary man. Steve was the greatest visionary the world had. Now, the world has lost him. With him, we were one step closer. Now, with his death, we have taken that step back. Steve Jobs was not only a person, but the representation of a whole idea: originality and perfection. Something most of us are far from achieving.Rest in peace, Steve Jobs. Your ideal will not be forgotten.Alberto, in tribute to Steve Paul Jobs (1955-2011).
Steve,  You will be missed. I love all of the products you are responsible for, and your stock has performed very well :)  I worked at one of Apple's retail stores for a year and it was a great experience that I will carry with me always. Thank you for everything.
I would like to pay my respects for Steve Jobs's family and all Apple  maniacs throughout the world. I recently became a full Apple user (iPod,  iPhone and iMac) and definitely he was a genius and yet, so simple and  charismatic - that is my feeling about him as a person. It is  unbelievable the coverage of his ideas (i am Brazilian) and the passion  it spread all over the world, that had lost one of its most important  figures. I am trully sorry for his death. I hope Apple as a company can  always and forever be inspired by him.  Already missing his ideas, my best regard for the Apple community
While I was never an Apple user; I remember using Apple computers in school before the Windows era of computing came to be. My first computer experienced happened on an iMac from 1999/2000. I remember thinking to myself when using it in school just how fast and beautifully designed it was in comparison to the other computers that were running Windows variants.  Steve was a great part of Apple and he helped define the way people viewed their computers and phones. He was one of the first to fully support touch technology as well and make it work like a charm. I still remember the moment I first saw an iPhone commercial and I thought to myself; "Wow, that's a really amazing phone. Finally, something that I could use".  My thoughts and prayers are with everyone affected by this horrible loss. While we may have lost a legend who helped show technology in a edgy light; we will never lose the spirit that shapes Apple as being one of the many amazing and truly special companies out there. It's a shame to see him go so soon, but may he look down upon everyone with smiles knowing in the skies just what an amazing legacy he left behind. This isn't the end but only the start of something even more beautiful than imagined.  R.I.P Steve Jobs. You will be missed but never forgotten.
iSad.  To Steve and the apple family,  Thank you for being part of my family and now that your gone you will never be forgotten.  You left a wonderful team of people who will continue your vision for this great company you created.  My family will always continue to remember you through the wonderful products that Apple will continue to make.  Thank you again for the wonderful past and future memories your products will make.  As my family continues to grow we will use every single apple products to show case memories that are going to be created on your machines.  Thank you again Steve.
Shock.  Steve transformed our world. A whole generation was shaped by his vision.     THANKYOU.
Steve Jobs was a great man and was a very inspiration person to many people. He will truly be missed by all.
Dear Steve,  thanks for what you have done for those amazing apple products. here is no you any more in the world.
I was really happy with you. I can't forget my iPod, MacBook, and iPhone since 2001 I'm still huge fan for Apple. Take care steve.
Steve jobs,        Steve is our model! He tried to change the world , and made it a better place. His hornor could not be replaced by anybody in the planet! Remembeing steve! Apple go ahead!
He embodied the definition of human being.... He gave So much. He will be sorely missed.
Briefly, I have a deep sense of loss with the passing of Steve. While I never met him personally, his vision, his complete genius has revolutionized the way I experience the world around me. From the way I listen to music, to the way I experience movies, to the way I use my fingers and hands, my senses are completely illuminated through Apple products and services. The world has lost a modern day Ben Franklin....that being said, I am confident that his spirit, the fire, the breath of genius will live on deeply in every person that calls Apple Inc home to bravely lead the revolution onward.
I was very sad to hear about Steve Job's death. We lost an amazing human  being and a genius. No one will be able to take Steve's place. R.I.P.
Steve &amp; Apple, Inc., Thank you for all the wonderful years of innovation. For re-inventing Apple at a time when we needed a visionary. You were truly awe-inspiring and unique. In a word...genius. Also, thank you for the Apple stock, it was the one happy surprise that I got to keep from my violent and dreary divorce.  God Bless you!devoted Apple fan since 1983, stockholder since 1992.
I'm a better artist because of Steve Jobs, period. You will be missed Kind Sir.
It's almost hard to believe considering yesterdays Apple presentation and all the positive vibe. I'm speechless, Apple products and design has been part of my life since I was 12, I'm 33 now. It inspired my career as a designer in so many ways. Steve Jobs and Apple not only created amazing products, but brought technology and user closer together like no other company. His vision will be missed, and I hope someone at Apple learned enough from this genius to keep bringing his vision for decades to come.
I hope you guys can carry on Steve's legacy. Big big shoes to fill. Good luck!
Hello, I just wanted to say Steve was a great influence not only for Apple, for the world, he was a great human being, a genius, and of course a very great man. I never had the priviledge to meet Steve, he was one of the admirable people in the world for me. In moments like this we have to thank God we had a great human being like Steve in our lives.GOD BLESS STEVE JOBS.
What a terrible loss.  Truly. I can think of a million ways in which products that Steve had a hand in  creating have drastically affected my life for the better and put me in  touch with people I simply wouldn't know right now if not for him.  My thoughts go out to his family and friends.
Hi from Puerto Rico and Dominican Republic,  Thanks for being and inspiring person. Mostly because Jobs impact my  vision of perfection. Thanks for being passionate and enterprenour to  make your and our World better.
I can remember the day I got my blue iPod Mini seven years ago in the  sixth grade.  It was the coolest thing that I owned at the time, and I  have been a die-hard fan of all Apple products ever since.  The moment I  found out that Mr. Jobs passed away today, I felt much discomfort and  sadness of my well being because this man is the reason why I have such  an obsession with technology and how much we can learn from it.  I will  always remember Mr. Jobs as the man who came up with a product that  inspired me to explore and stay connected to the ever changing world of  technology.  I send my best to his family and friends, for I feel like I  lost an idol and hero.
we may not know you in person, but, because of what you do, we know that you want to make life easier for us. thank you and God bless you. condolences to the family of Mr. Steve Jobs.
Rest in peace, Steve.  I can't thank you enough. I use your product every single day for my design work.  You have changed our world for the better.  Arigato, Steve. We will miss you.
Thanks Steve for making Apple and for being an inspiration for all - in business and in life.       I am sorry that I waited too long to really appreciate your genius, of which I am truly humbled.
Steve was, in a word, "magical." Sent from one of the many devices Steve Jobs pioneered.
Today we have lost a great technology visionary, may he rest in peace.
I might be a 15 year-old child, but I have so much respect for Steve Jobs, it's not even funny. All of my life I have wanted a MacBook Pro, and an iPod Touch. I have yet to get ether. I love Apple products from the bottom of my heart, and I get to use everyone else's. It kills me. I have to install custom theme packages to make my computer "act" like a Mac, that's how bad I want to use the wonderful technology that Jobs has created. I watched his keynotes for every new product. I told everyone at school about the "new stuff." I have a passion for Apple and always will. Steve Jobs, you will never, and I mean never, be forgotten. The man that changed history forever, Steve Jobs. R.I.P -2011. I also would like to encourage the fight against cancer, whether it be pancreatic or not, the fight for cancer will always be present. My last and final goodbyes, R.I.P Steve Jobs. Missed by a thousand hearts.
May you rest in peace the greatest man that i've ever known.. thank you for your shared innovations... I will miss you Steve.
What an icon! Apple will continue to move forward because leaders continue to build  as they mentor others and pass on gracefully the necessary skills to build an empire just as Steve Job did so well.  May God richly bless the Job family and give them peace in days to come.
Bye Steve Jobs, you changed the world.
Thank you for making our lives better, with your vision.  And changing the dry and cold landscape that used to be tech... Forever
I'm grateful to God for be a contemporary of Steve, a great man on many good ways that inspires me with his history, personality and heart. When I have my children I'll can tell them about this man who was responsible for almost all of this tecnology that they have. With all my heart, Goodbye, Steve.
A true inspiration for a generation of young followers like myself. Mr. Jobs has provided the world with incredible innovations and a remarkable career in creating the world's greatest technology giant. His incredible foresight and vision will truly be missed.
Grateful to Steve for inspiring so many, especially by sharing his vision, and encouraging innovation in all of us.  I raised my son on apple products, and today he is photographer with a vision, inspired to tell a story through photographs.  We have a start up, that uses all Apple products, and we producing games that teach Physics.  We have a vision to re-imagine Science.  Thank you Steve.  To the Jobs family, our prayers are with you, God's peace to you.
I remember not knowing very much about Apple products, until I saw my  first Mac computer late in 2007.  It was on display in a store, and I  knew immediately that I had to have one.  I was absolutely enthralled  with it  I have since owned two, and I have loved each one of them.  I  have also owned 2 different iPhones, and a number if iPods. Steve Jobs was a genius, to say the very, very least.  The world has  lost a brilliant inventor,  marketer, and a wonderful person.  He will  be forever missed.  Rest in Peace Steve.
To the Jobs Family:I was so sad to read of your loss and I would like to extend my sympathies to you. Steve was an inspiration to me and so many other people who come to Silicon Valley- and California - to strike out on their own, with little more than an idea and the belief  that their dreams are not only worth pursuing, but can change the world around them. Steve was the true embodiment of the American dream and his comeback that most in the business world would have thought impossible was only  the first of many- you have no idea how inspiring that is to so many people  who often have nothing but the belief in their dreams and abilities. I know the days ahead will be difficult, but I hope that your grief is abated, even slightly, by all the millions of people who were inspired by him and mourn with you and for your loss.
I've been an Apple user for many, many years...I'm even a couple years  Steve's senior...I am so saddened to hear of his passing, my condolences  to his family, and I do believe that we'll all have to take a step back before his loss is realized...it's a massive loss for technology,  and a much more humanistic loss for mankind. RIP Steve Jobs...
Dear Steve, Our heart goes out for you. You inspiring millions and millions by your vision on life and your love for family. Since you are Buddhist, we share our good deed to you.
Hello I'm 11 year's old,  And my family has  2 Apple's computer's, 2 Ipod touch's, 1 Ipod shuffle  and am Ipod classique and soon to be an IPad 2...Which is my dream to  have!  My Whole family and I  love Mac and tell all our friends how good  this software and all of the other things you make are! We say when you go mac you cant go back!  And last I would just like to say how sad we are to know that a genius  like Steve Jobs has died and that his family has our  condolences with  them.  Thank you so much for all of your time!
Dear Apple Team, My family and I were saddened to hear about the passing of Mr. Jobs.  I am a  68 year old person who loves computers and techie stuff, but was not very good at using them.    So it was such a gift to be able to own an iPod, an iPad, and an iPhone, and BE ABLE TO USE ALL OF THE FEATURES ON EACH OF THEM!  My passion is listening to music.  So the iPod was like a miracle to me.   To be able to download my cd collection to my computer, and then put playlists on my iPod, and be able to listen to any kind of music, anywhere...I can't even begin to thank all of you who made this possible. My second passion is reading.  So now with my iPad, I can download any book  and literally have a library with me wherever I am.  Another technological miracle.The iPhone is the first phone I have ever owned that is user friendly, and trust me, I had tried many.I just wanted you to know who much my life was improved because of Mr. Jobs and his amazing ideas.  Please add my condolences to the millions you must be  receiving, for his family and of couse the Apple Team.
Dear Steve,  Tonight I must tell you that every product you made I worshipped it and after every presentation I would make at work  I would put my Apple logo in the end on keynotes to tell the Non Mac world that I am proud of my mac. I will miss you immensely. It is painful to think we will not see you again but  you will always be with us in every product you ever made.
Steve, you were a very kind hearted, inspirational addition to the world. You made dreams more possible for designers like myself. Thank you.  God will be greeting you up there (possibly asking you to show Him how to use facetime on His iphone?)  God bless you and your family.
I can't believe that he is is not with us anymore. The world is a little better because of his vision.  Rest in peace.
So sorry for your loss and happy for you to have had him in your lives.
We want to thank this man we did not know.    A man who has influenced  our  lives in so many ways.  We believe he is in a better place and our   condolences and well wishes go to the family and friends he has left  behind.  Pay close attention because his spirit will be close to you in  the next days until you lay him to rest.  May God be with his family and  friends at this difficult time and in the journey ahead.  Our deepest  sympathy
From the original Apple II to Next to iPhone, Steve thank you for  these great products and your vision. We will miss you!
My deepest sympathy and condolence goes out to Mr. Jobs and family.  The  world has lost a truly brilliant man that worked as long as he could.  I  think of him as one of my fellow soldiers that gave his life for the  happiness of others. May he rest in peace!!!
Hello,Steve Thanks for bringing us such a convenient apple phone,though I don't have one right now but I am planning to have a one soon. I feel really sorry about your leave. May you have peace in heaven.
I'm a Mexican living in USA now as a citizen. I'll remember Steve Jobs  as a genius and a person that make the world an amazing place to live. I  love apple computers and I hope the people in the company will keep  making the best computers just like Steve did.  I'm so sorry he is gone.
So incredibly sorry to hear about Steve's passing.  The world has lost an incredible, brilliant man.  RIP Steve Jobs.
Hi Apple,     My condolences on the loss of a Great man he will be sorely missed in all areas of the Apple world.     When someone dies that has changed, so fundamentally, the way we go about our daily lives   and the way we interact with each other then we have lost a true visionary and a inventive genius.     I have been an Apple devotee since the days of Apple IIc and have always loved the products ease of operation.  I now own several of Apples products and will always do so. I believe Steve says "It Just Works" and that is so true.     So, good bye Steve you will always be looking over your "baby" and guiding continually its progress.     RIP Steve Jobs...     A great Man.. A Great Life well lived...
Sincerest condolences. May God give patience to the family and the ability to continue to do good in Steve's name. Steve's had a special place on my heart ever since I watched his commencement speech at stanford. God bless
Hello .... Sorry but I don't speak English, I'm Brazilian from Campinas/ São Paulo. I just want to say I'm sorry for the death of our dear Jobs. I am also the area of IT and know the importance that he is and has been for everyone. We just have to thank for everything he did, for his ideas for his talent.
We are an Apple family and will be forever.  We have a 10 year old son who has low functioning Autism.  The iPad is now changing his life and it is being used at school everyday to teach him new things. He absolutely loves his iPad and we hope eventually it will be able to talk for him.  We will be forever grateful for Steve Jobs and his vision for the world.  We are sad tonight.  We are a middle class hard working family and he has changed the way we live. Prayers to his family.
Thank you Steve Jobs for walking on this planet. You have been my biggest inspiration ever since I have heard of you. You have had many hardships in life, as have I, but you continued to pursue your visions, passions, and dreams and have become the greatest legend of our century. You showed how having a strong mindset and not giving up can lead to respect and success. Thank you for being such an inspiration to my life and everyone else's as well. It saddens me how my greatest inspiration has left this universe, but I will continue to hold you as an inspiration.
The world's best-selling innovator and designer. No bull. On the other side of the world, I never met Steve, but wish I had.
You were the Da Vinci of our time and we can only hope that new heroes will emerge from the footsteps you've left behind. Thank you.
You don't know me, but I can truly say that you have inspired me to "live my life" and not what others want me to live.  You have touched millions and inspired us all.  I am in awe of what you were able to do in 56 short years.  You will be truly missed.  Thanks for leaving the world a better place.
To Mr. Jobs' Family and Friends,  I am so sorry for your loss. Mr. Jobs was such a creative man and he did so much for the technology world. Just typing on my MacBook, as I am doing now, shows his contributions not only to my life, but to many around the world. He will surely be missed by many people.
Dear Steve. The world will never forget your contributions!  Rest-in-peace.
Steve Jobs, you will be missed. Rest in peace. Thanks for your many contributions to the world. You will never be forgotten, as your creativity and ideas will be with us for many years to come.
Steve has inspired me to take risks, innovate, and lead with my own business. He's made my life easier and my career more fruitful with his vision and creations.
The world has lost amazing character and leader who changed civilization direction.   Your great imagination will bear in mind of human being of this planet. Rest in Peace, Steve your APPLE is in my heart forever.
Steve did so much with his life.  I'm inspired to try harder.  Thanks Steve
To whom it may concern,  I am sending my deepest condolences for the loss of such a brilliant and world changing individual. He has definitely left a mark on this world through creativity and the ability to see great ideas through. He is a true inspiration for all.
Steve muito obrigado por tudo fez para humanidade.    Fique bem onde estiver.
Thanks for all you done for Apple, Been a Apple fan since 2006 when I switch from a pc, You will be missed, My thoughts and prayers goes out to his family. RIP Brother.
Dear Steve,  I'll always remember you as the man that inspired me to work in a technology  corporation seven years ago. Today, I fulfilled part of my dream as a worker in IBM. Unfortunately I'll never meet you as once I expected, however, in someway you brought magic to my life.  Rest in peace Steve and be sure that you'll live forever in the mind of one man.
Thank you for redefining the word innovation
Today I was in history class and we were listing things of our generation and century and all of the listed things were things Steve created. iPads, iPhones, Macs and every thing else and the teacher crossed all those things out and just wrote Steve Jobs huge. Steve was a very big inspirtation to everyone. I would just like to take the time to remember Steve.
I would like to extend my sincere condolences to Apple, its personnel and all that knew Steve on a personal basis. The effect Apple has had on the world under Steve's leadership is monumental. Apple is everywhere, touching people's lives regardless of race, religion, or other artificial variables used to fragment the unity that is humanity.  I believe Steve aspired to bring us all back together and used technology to bring forth a brighter future. And despite the economic shocks and tremors we experience today, the world is really bright and colorful thanks to Apple and Steve Jobs who channeled our minds toward the positive.  Blessed be his memory.
Dear Steve,  I know you in a better place. Im sure it was very hard to go through  what you did. I would just like to thank you for being a genuine person.  You created a system that people love so much. You are more than a  inventor, you inspire people everywhere. Because of you I have been  pursing my dream in Sports media. I use Mac's to edit highlight tapes, I  use the iPhone to keep my games scheduled, and i use my iPad to carry my  work with me everywhere I go. I thank you for everything you have done.  I will always miss you.  Pirates of Silicon Valley will always be my favorite movie.
Steve Jobs has influenced how people live their lives.    All the good he had done and all the bad that his technology had brought about are history.    Let’s remember him for his good.
Steve is the most greatly person to my knowledge. Who changed the world, really. I love Apple products invented by Jobs. I pray for Steve.
Hearts and prayers go to Steve's family. Steve, you brought the technology that has been the foundation to the world we live in. You will be missed...
We lost someone big today, someone that concluded his mission and will  leave his print for centuries. Stay Hungry, Stay Foolish...
Steve was someone that cannot be replaced, someone the world may never get a  chance to experience again. He was a man that had a passion for technology and has shaped the technology world to what it is today. There may be men that try to live up to him and make a fortune that will far surpass what he made. But they will never do it the way steve did. Today is a great day of sadness. As I type this email on my iPhone I will forever thank steve for giving  me a piece of technology that I can share with my children and for making my life so much easier, with every click on this phone I will forever remember him.
My 1st computer was a Apple IIGS  it was the best at the time, the loss of Mr. Jobs is truly a sad day for the everyone in the world, whether people know it or not he revolutionized the world; with is ideas and innovations and took it out of the dark ages.  No one else could have ever  done that I just wish that I would have got a chance to experience one day in the presents of this great mind, to everyone at apple that met and worked with Steve jobs you are the blessed one's that got to meet a great inspiration and thinker.   My condolences to his family and loved one's.
I come to my house today and I see the news, a legends die...My heart stops for a second, I can't believe the guy who I look up to... I just have one product of Apple, one Iphone 2G, because is too much hard to buy a iPhone, or iPad here on Brazil...But I'm very sad about that, I hope he is with God, he left a history, the innovative technology.  My condolences to the family of Steve and everyone at Apple. A big hug from Brazil, we'll pray for him.
I consider myself a member of a very fortunate generation who witnessed the doings of a modern prophet. His vision of linking Art and computers will continue to shape our world forever...
Please accept my condolences for Mr Steve Jobs today. My thoughts goes firstly out to his family but also everyone his visionary ideas changed their way of life, career and way of thinking forever.
I would like to say thank you, you're the best!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! We will miss you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
My respects for Steve Job's family and friends. The world knows how much of a loss we're having today. Steve was more than just a mortal man, he was a spirit of innovation, creativity and vision. His ideas and his perspective of world and life are lessons to be learned. Wherever you are Steve, we're with you.
Rest in peace Steve, thank you for having the courage to change the world.
Steve,  You were a true visionary.  Our family will miss you very much.
Dear Steve,     Whilst I am learning the way of your presentation, with power but of clarity, then this morning when I wake up I heard of such a shocking news which hit me much, losing such a spiritual and influential leader.  Life is full of ups and downs and it is not how long you live which makes it count, it's how meaningful you create your life when you are still alive.     Rest in peace and my best wishes to you and your family.
My sincere condolences to Apple on the passing of Steve Jobs...  He certainly will be remembered forever, for giving the mobile technology a  new life, new style in the form of Smart Phones! We love Apple!
The world has lost the single most important, influential revolutionary of modern times. My heart goes out to his family and colleagues at Apple. I'm truly sorry.  The world is better place because of Steve and his visions and the good he has left behind. God bless you Steve.
RIP Steve. Thanks for all you did for us. You will be missed.
Apple, under the leadership and vision of Steve Jobs, has changed the   world as we know it. In the world of Digital Filmmaking, we have pioneered through   countless advances with the aid of Apple hardware, software and   networking. Steve Jobs will be missed by his collective digital family, not just   because of the toys he gave us, but for the vision he shared and   inspired us with.
Hello,  My deepest condolences and prayersgo out to the Jobs family, Apple and  Pixar.I am saddened to hear about Mr. Jobs passing. I have been an  Apple user since 2006. I know what it is like to lose someone with  cancer.My mother passed away in June 1991 atthe age of 51 of cancer. I think the most significant thing I will remember aboutMr. Jobs, is  his obvious contributions to how we live our lives and perform our jobs.  If it weren't for the advancements in technology though his visions, our  lives would be significantly different. And a thank you to those that  worked so hard to make his visions come to life. Steve Jobs will be  missed.Thank you Steve. You will be missed.
One can  hope our necessity to achieve in every way will grow as fast as the vision of Steve Jobs. If so we will always be amazed by what we have available to address our needs and desires.  Thank you Mr. Jobs, technological genius, maybe one of the  contributing architects of our future utopia, a man with a dream and the drive to make it a reality.  Your achievement will be a highlight in the annals of our History.
It has been my extreme pleasure to work for the company that this truly  amazing man created. You are the most innovative person to grace this  planet in many years. I can honestly say that, even though I never met  you, I love you and your beautiful  mind.
Steve Jobs was a true genius. He translated his visions into reality in such creative ways. His inspiration was just the beginning, as his legacy continues through the creative people at Apple.
"It just works." Thanks.
Thank you for all you've brought to us.
My first Apple was an Apple II+ with 48k(!) later expanded to 64 so I could play Wizardry(!!). Thus began a lifelong love for all things Apple.  As I type this note on my iPad 2, my iPhone 4 sitting beside me, I am frankly astounded at how saddened I feel personally at the passing of Steve Jobs. Though I  never met the man, I am profoundly touched by his vision, genius, and creativity. The world will miss you sir.  Thank you for all you've given us.  Rest in true peace.
Steve Jobs was the greatest and the smartest person alive on this planet. He has a special place in my heart. I will miss him a lot. I loved Steve Jobs, and today I've lost a member of my family.  R.I.P Steve Jobs.
I am a musician and film maker, who grew up in the computer age that  Steve Jobs helped create.  His innovations help me to express myself,  organize my thoughts and communicate on a daily basis.  I think the real reason people love Apple products is because they have become so  integrated into our lives as they create new possibilities for the human  experience, not to just crunch numbers as computers were orinignally  created to do.  Even if you aren't using an Apple product on a daily  basis, you are living in a world that has forever been changed and  influenced by Steve Jobs and the company he co-founded.  He is our  Wright Brothers, Henry Ford, Madame Currie and Thomas Edison and history  will only increase his stature.
Thank you for everything !!!! You are my eternal teacher !!!  You are the one!!!  Rest in peace!!
My first design job was using this new mac computers in 1992. I got my first mac in 1995. I teach my 2 years old daughter to use our mac in 1999... and she learned...  Forever been thankful for his vision and legacy.
What a great man and innovator, he willtrulybe missed, RIP Mr. Jobs.
Steve Jobs was a creator he knew how to create new things. The world has jus t lost the man that had changed the world of multimedia. May his family acce pt my deepest condolences.
Thank you Steve for not only being a great innovator, but a great man!
Steve,  I want to thank you for inspiring me to dream, awake, act, create, live, give, help and love.
A man that made a huge difference. RIP Steve.
Thanks Steve.  You made the world a better place !!!  May you rest in peace.  We will miss you.
People like Steve change history .... Not only do part of it, they dictate how history should be written ..... miss him ... I never met him in person .... but his creativity has invaded and changed the world including my life .....       His dicipulos has an obligation to continue writing this story and keep the constant change and evolution proposed by him ...       His greatest quality was to be bold and creative .... His greatest fault was to be bold and creative ...... Rest in Peace
My deepest simpathy from one who lived the transformation of the world lead  by Steve Jobs, it's clearly one day that we won't forget because there was  still a lot of work to do but the leadership is there.  I'll never forget my first. thanks for all the memories.
HIS SPIRIT CARRIES ON!
I am not some well know celebrity. I am just one of those people who's first computer was an Apple II and have been a follower of Steve for all these many years. I doubt anyone will even seen this post.  But if ever there was someone to admire in this country, it was Steve Jobs. He had a vision. He insisted on doing things right. He followed his dreams and both failed and succeeded.  I never met Steve, but I personally feel a great loss.  I want to thank Steve for the effect he has made on my life (and many others) without even realizing it.  Steve was not just a businessman. Not just a visionary. Not just a dreamer. He wanted to make a mark on our worlds, and he did. He made our lives better.  God Bless you Steve Jobs.
Dear Apple Team,   I am very sorry for the loss of Steve Jobs.  He was a great CEO, and made Apple the strongest and most recognizable company in the world.  He will forever be in my heart.  Whenever I look at an Apple product, I see Steve Jobs, the smartest and most AMAZING man in the world.  Once again, I am very sorry for your loss.
Steve, you have enhanced the lives of the world. Without your genius, I could not work so efficiently from my MacBook Pro. Without your genius, I could not listen to the worlds musical offerings whereever I go on my IPOD. Without your genius, I could not communicate with the word so efficiently on my IPHONE. Without your genius, I could not be entertained on demand with my Apple TV.   You have done your job. Rest in peace because you deserve it. You should be a happy being wherever you are.
One footnote to Steve Jobs' amazing life was his startup effort between stints at Apple - the NeXt operating system.  My company was an early adopter.  Steve came to speak to us in one of his famous presentations.  When asked how  this system could do what he promised, Steve answered, " It just works.". And it did.  The system was way ahead of its time. One neat feature was the ability to send embedded voice messages by clicking on an icon of lips.  You could also easily edit sound files, rearranging words.  This facilitated the ability to send a spoken urgent command from the CEO to come to his office (totally concocted from prior messages from the CEO).  This little anecdote highlights the fact that Steve brought a spirit of play to his products, a spirit that acknowledged that he was making machines for human beings that helped facilitate human creativity.
The products that he was the creative genius behind have literally changed the way I go through my everyday life. I can only hope that Apple can continue to generate technology to change the way we go through life the way Steve has. He will be deeply missed.
Steve,Thank you for showing me a new world! Rest in peace.
Steve will be missed...that is such an under statement. We will never know the true impact his great mind has had and will continue to have on our everyday lives. He should serve as a beacon for true passion in doing a job above and beyond what is expected and to challenge us to push the impossible to reality.
Though my career has nothing to do with information technology, my life has been improved with iDevices, and I am so much indebted to Steve Jobs. I will remember him not only as a creative leader of Apple, but also as the one who contributed greatly to the history of IT. His phenomenal products and  speeches will surely be remembered by every user of iDevices all over the world. Rest in peace.
Thanks for your leadership,your vision, your inspiration and strength. Your legacy will live on forever.
You mean so much to all the entrepreneurs in this world.  You remind all of us why we are doing what we do.  You remind all of us how important it is to push our lives forward without giving up.  Although you are not here anymore, you are still our driving force.  Thank you and goodbye.
He has been a great human being, i will never forget him. Thanks for all the excitement and you have truly change a lot of things in this world.
Fear. That's how I first felt when I sat down in front of an IBM PC. But then came along the Apple Macintosh. And the Fear went away.  Over the years, regardless of what people said in my gut  I knew there was magic at Apple because of Steve Jobs.  He wasn't just a CEO but a person with a dream and he shared it with all of  us.  I hope that magic continues...  He is now with the Super Computer in the sky.  God Bless
Absolute genius. You will be missed.
Steve Jobs was an incredible leader. He started up Apple in his garage  in Silicon Valley, and from the release of the first Macintosh, he led  the computer industry for three decades. I looked up to him as an  inspiration, for I wanted to follow in his footsteps and change the  world.  R.I.P Steve, you will be missed.
Steve, you will always be an inspiration in my life, my ideas and dreams. Rest in Peace, I know God has a special place for you.
Dear Steve,  thank you for your Impressions.  We will miss you.
He was a brilliant man there will never be another like him R.I.P. Steve Jobs
Dear Apple &amp; Steve's family,  We are very sorry to hear about your lost. Our deepest sympathy, thoughts and prayers are with you all. May Steve's soul rest in peace. Even though we didn't know Steve personally but he had change the way we think of technology. He is a genius and amazing human being. We love &amp; respect him. He will be always in our thoughts and always be part of our life.
I am deeply saddened. My heart goes out to the family and the world. What Steve gave to us all is beyond words. An incredible loss to mankind.  I am honored to have lived in Silicon Valley and to have been a part of its greatness. The world will never be the same. My deepest condolences to the family.
Thank you Steve, for creating one of the most visionary products in possibly  all of united states history. I was literally in tears after hearing about your death. And truly to me you were an American Hero. Bravo. May god have placed you into the most heavenly part of heaven. God bless you Mr.Jobs.
May you rest in peace. You will never be forgotten. You will always be in our hearts.
RIP Steve Jobs. There are no words to thank you for introducing the iPad to the market - for giving my four Autistic children a voice, a form of communication, before they were able to speak. God Bless.
The brain child of Steve jobs, Apple Inc. has changed my life in many  ways.  My first computer was an Apple IIGs my father bought second hand  when I was 9.  It opened the doors of computing to me and stimulated my  interest in technology.  For a while after I was inundated with PC's in  school and at home.  Apple had become foreign to me.  When I was 19 I  got a job at a small concrete precaster business where all the computers  were Imacs, things just worked well in that office - largely due to the  functionality and ease of use of Apple computers.  When I got accepted  to Cornell University in 2007 and left my job the first thing I did was  purchase a MacBook Pro with the help of my grandfather, the very  computer I am typing this on today.  I will never go back to a PC.   Steve Jobs, you have changed my life for the better with your ideas,  products, and spirit.  Thank you.  RIP.
From my first iPhone to my first Mac to my next iPhone 4S. Every time I switch them on I will remember your brilliance. Steve, you were and always will be my idol. I will never ever forget you. RIP Steve Jobs.
Words can't describe the lasting impact Steve has left on the world. My condolences to his family and friends.
It's not often that I genuinely feel sad at the passing of someone I've never met in person, but I can truly say that Steve Jobs' contributions changed my life for the better, and I will miss him.  Thank you, Steve, for everything you gave to your world through your tremendous vision and drive.
It's a sad day indeed. Thank you Steve for being you. My thoughts and prayers go out to Steve's Family and those I knew and worked  with at Apple for so many years who are still my friends today. God's Speed.
Steve Jobs embedded himself into history.  When I think of how Steve Jobs will be remembered I think of when I was in school learning about the great  innovators throughout time.  Generations of people after us, years from now  will learn about how Steve Jobs changed the world.  I'm just happy that I  was along for the ride!  RIP Steve.
A mentor that I never met...  Steve changed the way I look at the world. In a deeper way than I can ever explain.  For that I am eternally indebted to him. Please pass on my most sincere condolences to his family.
Thoughts and prayers to Steve's family on this sad day. His visions changed our lives. He will be greatly missed.
Today I graduated from the Academy of Fine Arts in Graphic Design, and my thesis I have fully processed to my good old macBook pro that I have from four years! Without the brain, the imagination, humility and passion of Steve would not be where I am now. I offer my condolences to the family, first and foremost, and to the great company that Apple has lost the sole creator and founder. I dedicate my thesis, I could never accomplish what I've done!! love you Steve,in your honor.
We were profoundly saddened by the loss of Steve Jobs. A compassionate, humanitarian, great innovator, brilliant mind. May his soul rest in peace.
It was in 1995 that I bought my first Mac.  Macintosh, PowerBook G3, iMac, numerous versions of iBook and iPod, now MacBook Pro. These are the Apple products that helped enrich my life. I cannot imagine a day without Apple. Thank you, Steve Jobs. RIP.
I just can't believe it. He was a genius.  I remember that when I had to prepare a presentation for university  first time,  I used to watch his inspiring keynotes again and again. He  presented the products in a way which made you simply convince. The connection between a company and a customer would have never been so  close and emotional if there was no Steve Jobs.  He will always be remembered as one of the greatest personalities of  this and last century.  Thanks for making our lives much happier, Steve.
It is tragic to have lost a man of genius so young. He made a big  difference to my life. My deepest condolences to his family.
Your work changed generations, lives, and made the future. Thanks for bringing us all to live in it with you.
If I could tell him know I would say thank you for doing it your way. We never even knew that we needed the gifts your thinking gave us. You will serve as an inspiration to others. Thank you!!
Dear Everyone at Apple,  After watching a fabulous product launch yesterday I was stunned to hear  the news today that Steve Jobs passed away.  To those of you who knew him personally you have my sincerest  condolences.  You must be heart broken.  To the Apple Family I want to say that your products are incredible and  your company is a shining example of what a company should be.  The way  you care for your customers and the service at your stores, the passion  and the training that your employees have is equally matched by your  customers.  We care about you because you care about us and you make our  lives and the world a better place.  You don't make the world a better place because you create a fun gadget.   You make the world a better place because you strive for excellence in  everything you do.  You don't settle for improving upon the competitions  product.  You don't rush a piece of metal to the market place just to  make a deadline.  You make an excellent product the looks good, that is fun to use, that  helps us live better more productive lives (even when we don't fully  utilize the product as much as we could).  I can communicate with my  family on the other side of the country.  I can see my Mom's face when  she talks to me.  I can listen to music all day long without disturbing  my co-workers.  I can record my music, make and edit my movies, and do  my finances all on one fast easy to use machine so that I don't have to  hire a professional to do this for me.  I thank you for your products.  I thank you for your company.  I thank  you for showing the world what the word EXCELLENCE means.  I look forward to seeing you grow and the change the future of the  world.  God Bless Steve Jobs for showing us how to do it right.
Thanks for changed the world. You will be the best man of Tech. forever. We' ll miss you Steve
In about 1980 I switched from a Heath H-8 to an Apple ][+, and Apple  pretty much just kept getting better while Jobs was anywhere near the  helm. We'll miss him.
I remember the days when we used to fight, convincing people to convert  to Apple. We don't anymore because you came back to Apple and changed  things even more.  You are my hero.  We will miss you.  You saw 10 years ahead of everyone.  I can't believe you are gone, I thought you were going to rest and be  there. I have just about every Apple and Mac except the Lisa and the emate.
I'm grateful, Steve Jobs. I'm so sad. Have been your biggest fan for 30 odd years. Been buying almost every Apple product ever launched coz I truly believed. Rest in peace. You are a truly amazing human being.
You have created a legacy of products that have made my life and that of my families SO much better.  You have allowed us to captures memories in movies, memories in photos, and our countless apple photo albums will be our constant reminder of how one man brought us so much joy!  Rest in peace Steve.
You know, I'm writing here because I have dreams and that man has changed my life. I'm crying right now, from the other side of the world, with my bad English, to pronounce my feelings. My feelings that I know just the Apple fans can understand. Steve was an amazing human being. He changed my heart and taught me the meaning of my life. I'm only 17, I learned with this man things that no one could. He  could have a beautiful life continuation from here, but his legacy already  won an era. My heart goes for his family, his closest friends and all the ones who he touched.  Because he's the man who made me cry for somebody I never met, but I didn 't need to know him to know how magical he is and forever will be. Thanks, Steve. Thanks, my hero.
I would like to send my condolences to the family of Steve Jobs, and also the family at Apple. No man I can think of in modern history has made such a difference in the daily lives of so many people. His work has helped all of us connect with each other and the world. Although I never met him, it was obvious that his pleasant smile and demeanor touched everyone. He will be missed in so many ways by so many people.  God Bless and Rest in Peace.
Thank you, Steve for all your creations that have helped shaped our world. Rest in peace.
He will be forever in our memories! Hope his spirit stays with all of you and gives you power to keep on way! I just can say thanks to Steve and to you to give us the opportunity of the future!
You changed the world.
My heart goes to the Jobs' family, his friends, the Apple employees that worked with/for him, and the millions of people he has touched, like me.  Sad day for the world.
A sinking feeling comes. And there is nothingness for a while. Grief takes over. The price for knowing Love. We are human. Thank the gods for the gifted, for they touch the masses.  Bless, bless to those closest to Steve.
R.I.P. Steve Jobs. He is one of the reasons why I do what I do today.
People like Steve Jobs don't come along very often. He was a man of pure genius who inspired us to think different.  You will be sadly missed. My condolences to his family.
You are my role model and I will never forget you. I will miss you dearly. Even though I never met you... you've touch all our hearts with your kindness and innovative ways of thinking.
I worked at Apple for 4 years at one of the retail store - something  outside of my personality. I tend to jump around a lot from place to  place and try to live my life off of "Stay Hungry. Stay Foolish" The  culture at Apple is what kept me there. I moved on not because I didn't  love it or the culture or being part of innovation that truly made a  dent in the Universe but because I chose to " Stay Hungry and Foolish".  This is part of the legacy Apple &amp; Steve had on me. To look at the  normal, the old, the worn down and see it differently. To always push,  simplify, and strip down to the essence of anything and find the beauty.  Apple embodies this, Steve embodies this and I'll always live my life by  it.
The world has lost a great manhe was an innovator and a technical thinker, which is something to be admired. I feel for you all there at Apple. May he be remembered for the great things he did and revolutionized the world.
We will all miss him. He was an amazing man with so many good ideas.
I can't even begin to explain how much this news has moved me. Since I was a little kid, I had always aspired to be an innovator, a forward thinker, a game changer. Steve Jobs was the one man I could always look to for inspiration, and seeing him pass today is heart breaking. I remember the joys of getting my first PowerBook G4, reloading the internet in class to see when the latest keynote would be posted, and going into the Apple store to play with the new machinery he so directly influenced. From reshaping the personal computing industry, to inventing the media platform, to introducing the world to the next-generation mobile standard, Jobs has had a lasting influence on the world that will not be shaken off any time soon.  I wasn't surprised that I welled up when I read the news about Steve's passing away. I've become so dazzled by the visionary that any less would have not been appropriate for me. It's my duty to pay my respects to the man who truly changed the world as we know it.  A Da Vinci of modern times. Thanks for everything, Steve.
Thank you Steve for building a company that proves it can be done in America... we just have to get out there and do it. And for teaching us all that life begins where your comfort zone ends.  RIP.
My Hero, I miss you and remember you forever.
You are the man of these World...  RIP
Just as usual,  today I was woken by a great song of iPhone. I received the news of his death from my macbook air,  and I listened to musics over iPod on my way out.  I'm staying with him all the time, just as usual.  Thanks.
RIP Steve Jobs - you were a genius and an inspiration.  You revolutionized our lives.  God bless.
I have been looking up to you and your creations since I was 5 years old. I am 24 today. My whole life has been built and shaped by machines that have come together from your visions. My professional life is only possible because of hardware and software that was once just a thought in your head and a vision for a better tomorrow. My personal life is more fun and enjoyable because of your want and need for a personal computer to be exactly that: personal.   I want to keep this short, as I cannot continue to write through the tears. There is no way to describe what impact you have had on my life, as someone that you've never met and will never know, but I thank you for everything that you have done.  Rest in Peace, Steve.  Thank you.
Thank you for make this world better with your passion.  Thank you for being an inspiration for our generation. You've connected your last point. Goodbye Steve.
I am extremely sad to hear that Steve Jobs has passed away. My thoughts and prayers are with his family and friends. RIP Mr. Jobs, you will be missed. The technology world will be a different place without him.
One of the top creative minds of the modern age, will be greatly missed.
Steve extended a hand to me in a time when I was running out of options. His apple products introduced me to a whole frontier to channel my design skills thru. Expressing my creativity, conveying stories, sharing photos, illustrations and publishing stories made such an impact on me and all those who became apple fans...became Steve Jobs fans.  Steve shared in his vision a plan for what could and should be before we knew we needed or wanted it. Eventually we came to expect great things from the company and no doubt never appreciated all the hard work and sacrifices all involved gave to make those products, those visions.    Behind every great company and leader, stands a loyal, equally passionate crew of hard working staff. Remember your client base is behind you and support you.  A life-long apple fan.
I have only ever used the Apple equipment and, of course, had no connection with Mr. Jobs, and yet, here I am in an Apple store and I feel a loss. Mr. Jobs will be missed as an inspiring entrepreneur in so many ways.
Rest in Peace Mr. Steve Jobs... I may not own an Iphone or IPAD now, but even though you'll not be here to create another genius invention, i will still continue to save and have a remembrance of your creation in the near future...May your soul be with our Creator...God bless your family.
My sincere condolences to the Jobs family.  Steve you have touched and changed the world forever. Your dreams, aspirations, spirit and soul will live on forever.
My first computer was Apple II, I've learned how to program on that machine, and I continue to use products that Steve Jobs and Apple have created over the decades.  But it was more than just great computers that I liked: I became a fan of Steve Jobs ever since he came back to Apple and transformed not only the company, but the entire industry through one brilliant move after another.  It was one of the most fascinating things to behold in my life.  Steve Jobs was and will remain to be one of the greatest hero to me, who literally changed the world I live in for the better. I will miss him greatly.
Thanks Steve for all you have done. This world is a better place because  you lived. May your soul rest in perpetual peace. My condolences goes  out to your family.
The world has lost one of the founding fathers of home computing,  without whom we would not have half the devices that we have today.  I would like to send my deepest and most sincere condolences to his Family.  Rest in peace Sir, you shall be forever missed and remembered.
To all those Who Knew &amp; Loved Steve Jobs  My condolences  I always thought the Apple Logo was such a flash of brilliance  The Apple was always the symbol .. I thought ... of Wisdom  When Eve offered Adam the Apple the image I believe is the image of  one  offering Wisdom  Surely Steve Jobs gave to us .. the world...  the gift of Wisdom  His Wisdom .. unique and brilliant. Thank you Steve you taught me to love my computer and so gave me the gift of Wisdom  Love &amp; Light.
Few can say they touched the world...even fewer can say they transformed the world...and even fewer can say they did what Steve did...surprised our imagination...allowed us to expand our vision of how we communicate, play and create! RIP SJ.
We   did not have Steve's intelligence or vision. We did not borrow or have to learn his intelligence. Steve took his genius and packaged it in a wonderful way that allowed us to use his mind and creations...then share them with our family, friends, and total strangers. Steve made the world smaller with a voice near common. His work changed humanity forever. His Apple logo was the graphic of the temptation of the beginning... and until  now left a wonderful taste in our mouths.
I am pretty sure that Steve changed the world for the better with his ideas but I am absolutely sure that his ideas changed my world for the better.
Dear Steve and Family,  I would like to thank you for being part of our daily lives. You are a  great technology innovator. I wish I have met you in person but I  already did, by my apple products. I feel really sad because you made an impact in my life. You will be missed.  Thank you Steve. Will pray for your soul.
For remind us that the most important on our life is the imagination to dream and the strength to make those dreams come true.  Keep dreaming.
Thank You Steve. You changed the face of the world.  You changed our outlook at life or  communication with others and cultivated the desire for us all to excel.   Thank You Steve.  We all wish we knew you better in one way or another,  but we can all have a connection to you simply by the wonderful  creations you dreamed.  I thank you, Steve thank you.
I would like to say that this is an incredibly sad situation. Steve Jobs  was a brilliant man who brought his talent, creativity and amazing  ability to make Apple what it is today. Rest in peace Steve Jobs. I hope  you are in a lovely, safe place. And thank you Apple for everything, I absolutely love my Macbook Pro.
When I first read the Commencement Speech at Standford University I was amused. This is a savy man I thought. Since that moment I began to admire him. He has been one of the few people I most admired. The death of Steve makes me very unhappy. God bless you!
Steve you brought bright colors to life! It was a treat walking in the light  of your imagination! We will miss you.
I'm sure this mailbox is full of message of condolences and praise   for this great man - all richly deserved and I whole heartedly   concur.  I would just like to add my thanks - his inspired vision is   a thing of beauty and enduring.  Rest in peace Mr. Jobs.
Our deepest condolences go out to Mr. Jobs' family, friends, and coworkers. We are absolutely in shock at his passing.   We are grateful for all that he developed, and all that he contributed to this world, and wish his successors all the best in continuing on with his vision, and innovations.
I am so sorry about Steve. My family members are huge Apple customers and are deeply saddened by the passing away of Steve Jobs. We hope that you continue his legacy the way he would have wanted it, by continuing to be one of the best companies in the world today.
Thanks for all that you did to make the world a better place. You will be missed.
I'm from Bogota Colombia, a South American city, and today I feel so bad for this news. To my thinking he was an spectacular human being, who was able to make to feel people connected with the technology, like me. You don't know how my life changed since I had my iPod, it is my new land. I only wish that Steve Jobs' family could overcome this event. And remember: now he is in our memories, he is living in our minds and its never change.
Individuals such as Steve Jobs are very rare and we are lucky that he was here during our lifetime.   His contributions will be felt and appreciated for generations and he will be greatly missed.  Thank you,  Steve.   Godspeed.
Steve, you changed the world. Changed the life of millions. The Smartphone industry is what it is today, just because of your hard work. Your perfectionism. Your determination.And I can only say: Thank You.Your devices changed my life, improved my experience on this world.Thanks Steve.
Dear Steve,  You are a true modern day Leonardo Da Vinci. Thanks a million for making our life easier and better in many ways. Though you are not there with us today but you will remain in our mind and heart forever and ever.  May your soul rest in peace and harmony.
My condolences to his family and friends. He will be forever be part of our lives as he will be remembered for all the great things he done in his short lifetime. Truly a genius of our times.
My name is Lisa and although I did not personally know Mr Jobs, I  feel this loss deeply. You are right we have loss an incredible  visionary.
As a member of the Apple Family. My Blessings and Prayers go out to his Family, Friends, Colleagues. His body is not with us, however his Spirit is with many of us and will continue to live on forever. He hasn't gone anywhere, but here with us in a different way, as he would want it.
Hi all,  Today all of us have lost a genius. This genius has made a better world  with his ideas and visions, and I`m feeling like I`ve lost a family  member. Steve, you now are in better place than all of us, probably laughing and  thinking about your legacy left to Apple and us, your fans. Rest in peace and thanks for all you did. I've become an apple fan just  because of you.
Steve and family,  You will be missed, I hope that it was peaceful.   my heart broke when I heard the news  I hope that your vision and creativity will be carried on.  I am forever an Apple fan, You are responsible for that.
My first mac was a Lisa at around age 10.  From then, I've been a Mac user.  I grew up with each newer Apple computer as it was released (thank my dad for this!!).  Thanks to Steve for his innovation, vision, and creativity! The world will miss you.
He was the best entrepreneur, he inspire me to study by my own. He inspire me to make the thinks i like to make, He inspire me to find the thinks i liked to make. He know inspire me to change the world,  Thanks Steve Jobs.
We have lost a man, who became a icon, for the computer industry, As John Lennon was for music. Bye Steve.
I don't think anyone has affected my digital life so directly as Steve Jobs has. His vision was unparalleled, something we witness maybe once in a 100 years. Quite frankly, Steve changed the world. He showed me it was ok to dream big, to think differently. His commencement speech at Stanford a few years ago should be a must read for every single person...it has some of the most valuable lessons you can learn about life. Apple products are a thing of beauty with a personality....something that is not matched by any other material item. His soul is in every one of them. As I type this email on my Mac, after receiving the sad news on my iPhone.... there is no denying that his affect will remain with me for the rest of my life.  We will miss you Steve. A world has lost a great human being.
I would like to express my deepest condolence to Steve Jobs family due to the death of Steve Jobs. May your soul rest in peace. Thank you for everything. You had make the world a better place with ur invention of new technology.
Steve,<div>Thanks for all you have done!  You have inspired me as a small business owner to think differently and to focus on the end product and make it as client centered as possible. I am in the financial services industry and the end product is really my advice to my clients. I believe that advice and the delivery of that advice has been positively influenced by you.  I am sure Walt Disney is welcoming you home for some great discussions. I will not say the words "rest in peace" as I know you did not like to rest. But may you be at peace!</div>
Dear Sir  I really love Steve Jobs. I really love Macintosh. I really love Apple.   Thank you very much Steve. You are always in my life.  Thank you very much.
You were an amazing inventor and entrepreneur. RIP, you lived an amazing life and made amazing products.
Now you can relax and see your legacy! Well done Steve, well done and thank  you!!!
I remember your passion. I remember your dream. Bye Steve.
RIP.  You have changed the world.  Thanks for all the innovations and amazing products.
Thanks for making this a better world to live in, Steve.  Rest in peace.
Dear Steve:  Thanks for providing us another option of personal computer to choose from.
I'm sorry about your loss, great loss to humanity in general Apple in particular.
Thank you for the most intelligent words I have ever heard.   "Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life…Everything else is secondary."
A sad and significant loss for the world over.  Sincerest condolences to his family, friends, and all of his colleagues at Apple.
I've been a fan of Apple for years and I love what Steve has done for  Apple, Only 4 years ago I was able to buy my first  iPhone and I haven't  stopped ever sines buying one every time there is a new one. After that  I had to have everything Apple, I have all my family and friends hooked  on Apple products and I know all of this is because of all the hard work  Steve put into the Apple company. Steve Jobs you will be missed and my  condolences go out to your family.
You will always be remembered.
You started by doing your own thing, but soon it became “our” thing.    Thanks for the little changes that pepper our otherwise mundane lives.
I'm using one of the visions that Steve innovated to write this..the Ipad.  He is a man that went beyond technology..and made us all realize what dreams are made of, and what following your heart can achieve.  What an inspiration and what a loss...  RIP Mr. Jobs.  And thank you for what you have done for us.
Forever Love.!!
If it weren't for Steve Jobs and the team at Apple, I wouldn't be  sending this email and enjoying my Macbook Pro. I also like to think  getting my first iPod was an important turning point in my life.  My condolences.
My well wishes, thoughts and prayers go out to Mr. Jobs and his family. We (humanity as a whole) have lost a great man who has moved mankind forward so much in such a short period of time.  Although Apple and its products never really appealed to me, I always respected the passion, dedication and never ending attention to detail that Mr. Jobs brought to everything he ever worked with or on. The interesting thing is that it is this mantra of his that has slowly started to change even someone as stubborn as I am and make change my thoughts on Apple.  May he rest in peace and may his family and friends find peace and pride with being related to a man that will no doubt be written about in history books as one of the greatest men of all time.
Thank you for being such an amazing entrepreneur and an inspiring human being overall.  You will be greatly missed.  Thank you for everything you have done, you will not be forgotten.  My husband bought me my first MacBook last year for Christmas and I am now a Mac user for life - all thanks to your vision and perseverance.
A Genius, thank you Jobs for transform the world with your amazing ideas...
Thanks for bringing back some humanity to computing.  Truly one of the  great visionaries of the baby boomer generation.
May you rest in peace Steve.  In so many ways you helped usher into everyday use the technology that helped define the world my generation grew up in during the 1980s. You were one of those special people that helped change the very shape of the world we live in. I, like countless others, have been inspired by you, followed your career with fascination and will miss you. I know I am but one anonymous voice out of millions whom you never met in this life, but it is with deep sadness that I bid you farewell and extend my sympathies to your family, friends, and colleagues. May your "insanely great" spirit always live on.
I would like to thank Steve for the imagination he has instilled, the breakthroughs he has made, the foundations he has built and the innovations he has pioneered. You don't have to be a fan of Apple products to know how truly amazing steve was. He changed the world and the way we think. He made me believe that any task can always be done better. The world has said goodbye to one of the greatest minds that ever set foot on earth, he is not just a mentor to his employees but a mentor to the people.  I am truly saddened by this news.  What a great man! That's all that can be said. RIP Steve, your up in the iClouds now!
The City of York Pennsylvania may not be Silicon Valley, but Steve Jobs made  us feel like we could share the same vision and dream the same future.  Our thoughts are with the family, friends and colleagues of Mr. Jobs at this  difficult time.
May your soul rest in peace Steve.  To the family my deepest condolences.
I wasn't too big of an Apple fan, but this news is sad regardless. Steve Job s was great (I mean GREAT) at what he did, and I hope Apple remains successful even without him.
I am so sorry about Steve. My family are huge Apple customers and are deeply saddened by the passing away of Steve Jobs. We hope that you continue his legacy the way he would have wanted it, by continuing to be one of the best companies in the world today.
I would just like to say that Steve Jobs changed my life for the better. Without him I don't know what I would be doing right now. This morning, the day when Jobs passed away, my friends were talking about how Macs weren't as good as Windows, but that day, I defended him. I defended his intelligence and the impact he has made on so many lives. It's a sad thing to hear that this wonderful intelligent person went with the wind like many others these past few years, but at least he chose to found the company that would change technology forever... Steve Jobs was an indescribably great person, and we all hope that he will rest in peace
Our deepest condolences go out to the Jobs Family. Thank you for sharing Steve with the world.
Steve Jobs was a great man and was a very inspiration person to many people. He will truly be missed by all.
Even though we all knew Steve was ill, hearing the news of his passing is most shocking to the extent I felt it personally.  He changed our lives with his incredible vision which resonated in his beautiful products and in my case being a 60 year old apple user and admirer I can only think that he has  left the weird and confusing world in a better place.  Rest well good man and best to all his loved ones..
We would like to express our deepest sympathy. Thousand thanks Steve for having changed our way of thinking and working.  We will always remember you. We are very sad.
Steve jobs is IMMORTAL.  Still he lives by his wonderful invention APPLE.
Nunca fui um macmaniaco, mas sempre amei e amo o que Steve Jobs fez pela informatica, fez o pessoal enxergar diferente a musica, as animacoes, o design.... Ele foi um homem que fez historia, ele sera lembrado para sempre, sinto como alguem da minha familia tivesse partido! :(  Fique com Deus e descanse em paz mestre Jobs.
I sincerely can't say that I would be the same person today without your  influence. Thank you, Steve. I'll stay hungry, and always be foolish.  Rest in peace.
Steve Jobs is an amazing innovator and entrepreneur whose legacy has not only inspired me, but countless others throughout the world.  His contribution to society leaves the stepping stones for tomorrow's future leaders and creators to live up to.  He is a risk taker who commands the utmost respect and honor and for that, he will always be remembered.  Thank you Steve for your indelible mark that you leave with us.  You will be sorely missed.
You have left us a huge legacy the will take a very long time to be equal. Your enthusiasm for your company, product and service is head and shoulders above what anybody else has ever accomplished.  You will be missed by all.
A man who invented a career only to have been released for the hopes of  better leader, visionary and CEO finds himself back where he began his  work to change the world as we know it.  Today is a huge loss for the  world to see a world class man, mentor, icon father, husband, friend and  inventor pass before his time.  I am Sorry for this loss as I write this  email on my macbook pro.
Steven Jobs, It is your life that gives me inspiration in my own.  I want to thank you for being part of my life in so many ways, and I am saddened that the world has lost you.  May you rest in peace.
Recently i bought a macbook pro and i love it, He made a lot of things  for us for the people and he changed the world. Thank You Steve.
I became a computer tech because of my love for apple computers. after  23 years the sadness at his loss is only measured in the heartbeat of my  life.
It's a sad day but thank you for changing the world. Let's continue the dream.
He was a great guy and the founder of one of the most successful  companies in the world.  We will miss him.
We will miss you..! you were simply genius. May your soul rest in peace.
Steve gave to his audience, beyond the customers of his ideas.  Steve gave to the world, new vision.  new standards, new paradigms.  Joy is what Steve sought and attained for his audience.  Thank you Steve for the JOY, as i type on my MacBook pro.  Thanks for changing our life.
I want to send my deepest condolances to Mr. Jobs' wife, children and extended  Apple family. How blessed we all were to be directly and indirectly affected by  Steve Jobs and his amazing visionfor the future and some really cool stuff.  I'm 50 but I don't think I'm too old to say THANK YOU STEVE, for all the cool  things you've created and allowed me to experience. Because there is the iPad  2, moving 2000 miles away from my family, is"ok" as you'vecreated a way forme  to keep in touch and see them - even my 75 yr old mom who was once afraid her  computer was going to get "an infection" now has an Apple computer and can  facetime with me (a miracle). My fiance travels for weeks/months at a time and  now we can see each other daily. For that,I owe you huge! You make long  absences tolerable. You'll never know how much that has eased the pain of being  far away from those I love.  Were you able to get Facetime to work in heaven so your family can continue to  have you close? I sure hope so. If anyone could figure out how to make that  happen Steve, it would be YOU!  GOD BLESS YOU and your family!!!
One of the great creative geniuses of our generation .  .  . of history.
I'm sure that I feel the same as many Apple fans in saying that we will miss his genius as well as his humor and perseverance, Steve epitomizes all that's good in business leadership with none of the bad. He will be missed by all the people he touched, which is pretty much everyone around the world.
Hello, I just wanted to send condolences to his family and his work family. We have been fans of his work for many years. My daughter would say she loves the iphones..me its the itouch/ipod.There are not enough words to describe what he did for our ears(music) &amp; communication! Thank you for letting us express our sympathies this way. He'll probably take over wherever he is and change things up;) We lost a great person today...
Thank you for making me remember that one person has the power to change everything!!! You are my role model!!!! I hope one day I can influence so positively on someone like you did on me!!!  Hope to see you later!!!!!
A great human being like him, even not only him, could change the world, would not meet his demise, but, however, he did...
You made the world a better place Steve Jobs. Rest in Eternal peace.
Dear Apple,  Steve Jobs was a great man who changed the world and will be remembered forever. Throughout history he has made ground breaking innovations that have set standards so high that no-one will ever come close to, with the help of Apple. I want to thank him for all of his hard work and he did an amazing job at what he did. I hope that he never worked a day in his life because he loved what he did. I will always remember him and always look up to him. Steve Jobs, thank you and rest in peace.
I'm honored to be a part of the generation that saw Steve Jobs and Apple  literally change our world!  I stand in awe of the technological  revolution that he was a part of, and that still continues through Apple  and other companies inspired by the work of Apple. I can't imagine life without Apple products, it has become so ingrained  in our culture; and not just ours (Americans), but the culture of the  world. What a visionary.  What a genius. Thank you to Steve Jobs, for making the world a better place!
But I know that he is a genuine as he appeared.  He cared and it showed.   I never met him, but I will miss him.
This century's Leonardo Di Vinci. You will be missed.
We would like to extend our condolences, thoughts and prayers to Steve's immediate and extended families. I greatly appreciate the company and it's products that Steve and his team have created.   The work he has done has improved the quality of life for everyone in any number of manners.     The world is better off having known Steve Jobs.  Which is as much as any of us can hope for at the end of the day.
I just hope Steve knew how much he was appreciated. He touched the world  in ways he probably didn't know. I know majority of the products that  come from Apple are as a result of all the talent there but his vision  and guidance and ability to look into the future helped shaped the  company. Steve has been an inspiration to me, I wish I was able to meet  him in person to express my appreciation for his passion that showed in  the products he made. He did make the best products in the world. He  really did care about the users as it showed in the products he made. We  love you steve.
I never met nor worked for Mr. Jobs.  I am, however, one who has spent the past twenty years in IT thanks to Steve and his creations.  The Apple II was my first computer, and I have had many Apple products ever since.  As an IT Architect I was motivated to think outside the box to make my designs cleaner and more user-friendly, thanks to Mr. Jobs.  I watched all of his speeches, product releases, etc., and his passion for releasing the very best products was infectious.  He left the world a better place than when he arrived, and I thank him for making computing fun.
At this time, we should celebrate his life. My thoughts and prayers go out to his family. The world lost a great human being.
Steve you were the true capitalist Da Vinci of our times. May your soul rest in peace!
I know that nothing is going to change with this email, but i wasn't sad as i  am at now even in my grandmother funeral.
Dear friend:     I have been your fan since 80´s, when I first used an Apple II. I have been in a dream of endless innovation and amusement, and I hope there in heaven, you can continue your way, so when I get there Saint Peter welcomes me with his new version of your Ikey.
My thoughts, condolences, and prayers to the friends and family, he lived a great life to help us organize our confusing worlds. I wrote my first college papers on a Macintosh, and I have been hooked on Apple ever since. Praise to your innovation and your way to help me "think differently" in my interactions with the world. Thank you Steve.
I would like to thank Steve Job for all the amazing work he's done. No   one was able to associate creativity, design, and quality as he did. Steve, you are going to be missed, and your name will stay in the   history. You inspired my generation by giving another vision of the   technology.
Thank you for everything, especially to make the most wonderful cell phone of the world!!
I owe Steve the three most important things in this world. My wonderful life, made healthy again after illness with the support of my amazing Apple coworkers and the benefits we are provided. My beautiful wife, whom I met while we were working at Apple. She's the best thing that has ever happened to me. My perfect daughter, born less than one month ago.    I am forever in your debt, Steve. And I know that I'm not alone.  I know at least four other children here because of what you've helped build.  I know that my talents helped me to be who I am but Steve gave me the tools to help get me there.  I will miss you as though you are family. You will live on long after you have left us because people like me will tell our children about you and what you mean to us.  Thank you for everything.
He will be greatly missed. I will always remember  his excitement in introducing a new piece of Apple technology that  really revolutionized our world. I grew up with Apple and Mr. Jobs. His  presence and spirit will be sorely missed. My condolences and prayers to  his family and loved ones.
So sorry for the loss of Steve as a friend and co-worker there at Apple.  I hope his legacy will inspire future generations of genius.
We've also lost the iCon of this era. But I'm happy that I could have an  honor to share the same moment with him on the earth even if it's a very  short time.  Thanks, Steve!
Since I was a kid, playing on my friend's Apple II, through the Mac Plus that got me through college, to my iPods, iMacs, MacBooks, iPads, every single one of them felt like more than just a piece of cold plastic, metal and glass.  It was the inspiration of Steve and the work of the people he inspired that made all of these cherished possessions.  Thank you Steve, for making the  everyday extraordinary.
I'm sad to learn of Steve Jobs passing. My condolences to his family and friends. The world has lost someone who improved our lives. I am proud to know that the Bay Area, where I was born and live, provided the environment that supported such an innovator.
From this side of the world I say, THANK YOU!  You fill me every day with inspiration, you changed the world and  changed mine too.  Your legacy, your genius mind will be remembered for ever!  Thank you Steve Jobs.
You will be forever in our hearts.  Thank you for all the innovations  you have shared us.  Rest in peace.
Steve Jobs made my life (and many, many others) better by making technology friendly, useful and reliable.  His legacy will only grow over the years and deservedly so.  Rest in Peace, my friend.
Well, I don't have much to say but, if there is life beyond the existence  we know, I hope you do the same what you did here: follow your heart! Go in peace, bro!
No body can replace him!     A big loss of the World.     The world will not forget him until last day of the world.  RIP STEVE.     Love you.   Thank  you!
There will never a another human being on this planet who will put in as  much as Mr. Jobs did for changing the world.
I spent many years as a WebObjects developer and could never quite believe that Apple could make such amazingly cool things even cooler with every new product. His star will always shine bright.
Thanks Steve Jobs for providing humanity with an enviable quality and unique products that have revolutionized our society. The world will remember you as one of the great men of the last century. Rest in peace Steve Jobs.
Dear Steve,        I would personally like to thank you, thank you for being creative and thinking outside of the box, your compassion for an art form that many did not quite comprehend gave us a portrait many could not begin to appreciate. You taught many to believe that with a little drive and a lot of heart you can make anything possible. Through that little bite in a an apple you will be remembered forever as a visionary, a humanitarian, but most of all a pure an utter genius!   Thank you Steve Jobs,  You will be missed.
The world has lost one of its greatest men. A true inspiration and a role model  for not only me but all of us. I hope Apple will live on as you envision it to.
Steve Jobs, a true technological pioneer, will be sorely missed. Our current cell phones and how we use computers in our daily lives are directly influenced by everything he did. It is sad he left us so soon, but his legacy in his company will continue. He is part of history, and will never be forgotten. Rest in peace, Steve.
Steve was fortunate to be one of the few people who essentially got to see how the world viewed his legacy.  Unlike most people, he didn't have to wait until he passed away, he just had to resign.    My appreciation and admiration has far more to do with his process than it does his products-- and his products are of course game changers.    Thanks Steve.
I hope you have a nice trip and enjoy your freedom.  Thanks for sharing your genius, passion and perseveration. I am sure the world need leaders that inpire people like you did. We did love your work, but I think, what we loved more, was the passion you printed on it and shared it with us.  I am sure that is what people learned and will remember. Enjoy your trip, freedom and rest in peace.  We love you.
Steve, You created a company that has played a significant role in my life and  my happiness. Your products have given me a creative voice that will  soon be my means to live by. I thank you for all you've given the world.
Even though I did not know you I wanted to thank you for all the great innovations and gifts you gave to all of us. You are a prime example of what the human being is capable of doing.  Rest in peace.
The world has lost another Walt Disney, another dreamer and innovator! He changed technology and the movie industry. What a sad day.
Beyond the incredible products Apple has produced, there is a legacy that if far more incredible.  I can't say I have even met the great man who has left this existence but from what I have know about him (I have read anything there has ever been printed, viewed anything that has ever been filmed and digested everything that I could) about Mr. Jobs.  In Apples products, you feel a connection, almost human at times that I feel he was trying to push towards.  I am deeply saddened by his passing and I wish his family and friends all the blessings and goodwill there are.  There never has been or ever will be someone like him.
Thank you for vision of the future.  Our thoughts are with your family.
This is the first public person who has ever passed away and left me with the level of sadness  I am feeling.  I feel like I lost a great friend and the future of the world will suffer im measurably. His vision that yielded some of the greatest products the consumer markets ever saw, is irreplaceable.  I can only try to imagine the conversation he is having,as I type, with the likes of Thomas Edison, Leonardo DaVinci, and scores of lesser geniuses.  The world was blessed to have him for the too few years he was given. He was  a once in a lifetime person who gave so much.  I am happy he is out of his pain, and hope he rests in peace.
our deepest condolences, indeed world has lost an amazing human  being..bye Steve
Dearest Apple,  Steve Jobs was my idol since I was little. I'm 12 years old now and I treasure and love Apple Inc. more than most things in my life. When I heard the news of this tragic death, I started crying. My desktop background on my new MacBook is now the picture you have on your website, tributing Steve Jobs. I have also set all statuses to "Rest in Peace, Steve Jobs. I will always love you, you are my idol &lt;3:'(" I am so sorry for your loss, it was the loss of the most amazing person on the face of the earth and I believe Apple will get through this. I give all of my love and support to you. He will always be with you, watching over Apple as a sort of guardian. He will always be present in our hearts. I love you, Apple. I love you, Steve Jobs. Rest in peace.
To see how he married design to technology with the understanding that it all must "just work" is brilliant. His finger prints are all over every product, every store, probably even the product displays. He truly "got it". An inspiration and a visionary, Steve Jobs was brilliant.  Thanks for making the world a better place Steve.
Dear Steve, his family and friends,  I have so much of my life to owe to Steve and everyone at Apple. I've  grown up alongside the meteoric rise of the company and Steve had so  much to do with that. His contribution to the company has meant a great  deal to me, as your products I use everyday have inspired me into a love  for technology and a wonderment for what is yet to come. I can honestly  say that without Steve, myself and millions of other people wouldn't be  who they are today.  Thank you for everything you've done.  RIP Steve.
I did not know Steve, but every day I am blessed with his vision. I am a long time Mac fan and I could not think of any other way to live my life and my business. I am grateful for his life, his dream, his unselfishness in sharing such a wealth of knowledge.  What an amazing legacy, thank you.
You've created the best user experiences ever. The way/style of your presentation was remarkable. I/We will always remember you Steve.
You will be missed.
You left a better world behind you than you find. You changed your time, you brought us future. You thouched to the  life of millions. They will still be touching the products  you gave them after you. Thank you, Rest in peace.
My condolences to the family and friends of Steve Jobs. May he rest in peace. He was a great pioneer and visionary and has shaped many of our lives. My thoughts and prayers.
Communication has never been so close to the beautiful. Innovation never managed to be side by side with aesthetics. Only one man managed to treat world with effective originality.  Steve Jobs. The sky is happy with the arrival, while the earth cries for the departure.
I have been using your computers since I was a kid. I started playing with graphics programs when I should have been studying. But now I am a professional artist/animator who gets to play all day. I can't imagine where I would be without your computers. Thanks Steve.
My heart felt condolences go out to his wife and children. The world has lost a great friend. I am fairly new to the Apple world but have grown up with Steve's vision from my early childhood. I am saddened by Steve's departure but he will live on in our hearts forever. He has built a great empire and has bestowed on us great products and tools for young and old so we too, can become genius.  Apple forever!
Steve's passion to enrich our world through technology has created jobs, wealth and excitement like no other industry has done since the early 1900s with the invention of the automobile and airplanes.  Hopefully one day soon the energy industry will have a leader of passion for technology and take us to where we have not been before.  Much love, peach and blessings to the Jobs and Apple family.  Press on!
To his family my best wishes to them at this time, so very sorry for your loss.  Thank you for supporting him while making him the man the world as come to love, and share in that loss with you. Godspeed Steve Jobs.
Just a big "Thanks" to Steve for getting me 'connected'.  I used 'PC' at  work &amp; never touched a computer after 4:30 pm because it just wasn't  enjoyable.  Since I got my Macbook my world has expanded exponentially.    Add in my iPhone and my world totally rocks! RIP, Steve.  You are irreplaceable.
From all parts of the globe, he has touched us through his products. Though we never knew him personally, he will be missed. We shall look forward to the legacy he leaves behind. More power &amp; success to Apple.
I'm 13 and have always looked up to Steve.  He has changed the world; he  revolutionized the way we all communicate now and changed our lives. It  was sad not seeing him yesterday at the Keynote but now we know why. My  condolences go out to his friends and family and all the people at Apple  that have the chance to be apart of his life. Apple will continue to  grow and succeed.  So simply rest in peace Steve, you were a great man and you will be  missed.
Even if I never met Steve myself I think of him as a visionary and innovation person. Transformed his own company and ahead of the competition. I remember getting excited for his events and his way of showing the latest gadgets. His one more thing made us wanting more. I know apple will become successful and its brighter days is in the future. Steve's micromanagement and persistent about his job hiding his health condition as he worked in Apple showed Steve's perseverance.  Best Regards Good Bye Steve Jobs He will be missed.
Remember the day, remember a dear friend, remember what you lost, but most of all - simply remember.    Not out of grief, but gratitude for him being part of your life.   I know that words cant really do anything to make this feeling of grief go away,  but i really think that keeping the memory alive is to keep him alive in your heart.   My heart goes out to his wife Laurene, his family and to all who feel a great loss.   Thank you Steve, for inspiring so many people who have made the world more interesting.   In deep mourning.
I am still in a shock. I never thought he would be gone so soon. The world will never be the same without him.  RIP.
Tonight the Earth shines less bright But the Stars have a new shining light From my IIc to my iPad Your products shone the way, for this wandering Nomad Safe Journey to your Soul Steve.
Thank you Mr. Jobs, for bringing the fabulous ideas and products to our life. May you rest in peace. We'll see you in heaven.
All,  I wanted to share my thought on how Steve Jobs made me think about things. The way he presented, the way he thinks and how he shares the information was so inspiring. I studied several of his keynotes and public appearances and tried to understand the genius.  I don't think that there is someone around that can match his level and his achievements.  A true hero and unfortunately he will not be able to see his next big masterplan, the new Apple Campus.  I'll miss him....I'll be an Apple fan forever!
My condolences to his family and friends. Steve changed the world of IT and pushed all the industry further more. The world will remember!
RIP Mr.Jobs, a great visionary, legend, leader , genius and a wonderful person.  You will be missed
Dear Steven,  I am a big fan of you. You are one of the greatest man in your time! Rest in peace!
Sorry a don't speak english, but I try to make my best effort for a great people that was Steve, for a tribute to a genius, a visionary men that he was.and only remenber a great frase that says:"Stay Hungry. Stay Foolish." Thank Steve, and good bless you.!!
This was my facebook post and my husband said I should send it to you.   We really are sad for the loss. I am saddened by the loss of a wonderful man who has affected my life  deeply.  Steve Jobs made Apple a household name.  I remember when it was  fighting for its life and Steve came back.  Mac geeks celebrated his  return and I didn't really understand the significance. My husband  always built our computers, but I finally got my first Mac when I was  looking for a small laptop in 2003.   After seeing how well it worked, my husband surrendered and became a Mac user.   He tells people, "I fix pcs all day, I just want to come home to a  computer that works."  Many, many Apple products later and many release  date lines later, we are BIG Apple users.  Steve Jobs is like a part of  the family.  We mourn his death, but rejoice that he is out of pain.   RIP Steve.
As one apple user, condolences are expressed to Mr.Steve jobs death. It is hoped Mr.Steve jobs intention continues being useful in apple products  from now on.
I'm sadden by the news but am hopeful that his contributions will impact generations to come.
Steve was an inspiring person, creator, and leader. He will forever be remembered. Rest in Peace.
My heart goes out to Steve Jobs family. May he rest in peace He was an amazing man and gave people what no other man can ever do and that is hope and faith in themselves thru his creations.  I thank Steve Jobs for giving people like my mother, who is computer illiterate, the ability to connect with the rest of the world thru the iPad. Until the creation of the iPad my mother never would approach anything that had to do with technology because she was afraid to fail. It was too difficult for her to use any kind of computer. Because of his incredible accomplishments and amazing creations, like the iPad. She now uses he iPad on a day to day bases. She learned so much at the age of 59 than she did at the age of 12. My mother never got to finish school past 5th grade but after learning from the iPad my mom has changed her life in how she has improved in reading english and feels more in place around her owns kids to know she isn't left behind. Thank you again Steve Jobs for your amazing ability to change peoples lives.
Thank you Steve for bringing the world together.  Your vision has touched us all and I am deeply grateful for your presence in this world.
Some people are just Apple people. Thankfully, I can say I'm one of them. That tends to happen when the I can distinctly remember the first computer I ever saw as a child carried the logo of a rainbow colored apple with a bite taken out. Fast forward a couple of years and I'm in elementary school and so is the Macintosh. As a child it seemed like every year when I returned to school so did a newer, faster, easier to use Mac. Macintosh II was there to help me learn how to take my Accelerated Reader tests. The first Power Macintosh and it's successors allowed me to learn how to type with PAWS, find Carmen SanDiego, hook my wagon to the Oregon Trail, and explore my creativity with Kidpix.
Steve Jobs was an amazing visionary and we need more people that are not afraid to takes risks like he did.  Where would we be without him?
I never knew Steve but always admired him from afar.  When the world loses a  genius, it is a sad day indeed.
Thank you Steve for changing the way we think, learn, communicate and  enjoy life. You were a true genius and hero!
Dear Steve,  Thanks for the magic.
Steve Jobs, es para mi una figura inspiradora, por dar al mundo la posibilidad de conocer y utilizar novedosos y sorprendentes productos, lamento mucho su muerte, uno de mis sueños era conocerlo en persona, lamentablemente ya no se va a poder, el mundo te va a extrañar mucho Steve Jobs, perdemos a un excelente persona, pero ganamos mucho conocimiento y tecnología gracias a ti, y espero que tu logros sigan avanzando como hasta ahora, "vive por siempre Steve Jobs, vive por siempre en Apple".
Such a brilliant dreamer.  He brought us all so much fun.  Terribly sorry to everyone at Apple and the Jobs family for this loss.  Mr. Jobs left the world a better place.
I write this on an Apple MacBook and just made a call on my iPhone.  There is so little in this new world that has not been touched in some way by the vision of Steve Jobs.  Condolences to Steve's family and we were all so fortunate to have benefitted from his work.  He is always with us.
Thank your for ALL, Steve... You made me happy many, many times in my life... I'll miss you a lot... See you sometime, somewhere...
Mr. Jobs was an amazing visionary. I am a big fan of him and we never forget about you. My sincere condolences for the family. We going to miss you in those amazing presentation. You were the best.
I was not supprised, but still shocked when I heard this news - Steve left us.   Steve brought us with wonderful personal electronic products, iMac, iPod, iPod Touch, iPhone, iPad, iTunes... which changed our lives and make our lives broader.  It's time to say good bye. Hope Apple continues take us incredible products.
I'm really really sad because whole world lost an amazing, brilliant,  genius man. He is the god for the new technology.  I'm speech less after  I heard this horrible news. RIP Steve. For sure, the whole world will  miss you sooo badly.  RIP STEVE
Steve Jobs has made the world a better place. He has made mankind to have a  more meaningful life. By his unrepeatable monumental achievements in the field  of science and arts, he lives forever in our hearts, in the memory of mankind.  He is not a part of us, but in fact we are part of him. There was the age of  Socrates. There was the age of Shakespeare. We modern twenty first  centuryhumansshould be very proud to claim that ours is the age of Steve Jobs.
Thank you Steve for making our dreams come true. You will ALWAYS be remembered.
Dear Friends and Family, I wish to send my sincerest condolences. Steve was a great man, one who  will be remembered forever. His products and his mindset have changed  the world drastically. You are all in my prayers. I wish you nothing but  the best.
To Dear Steve Jobs  this news is kinda shock me, i can't believe and accept it at the first time, however, it is true. i try to use all my  words to describe  how much i respect you. i hope you can hear it from the heaven. i appreciate all the product you create for us, you leads us to a whole new world.  i don't know what the world is going to be without you. but i do believe you have left your spirit in the APPLE. just look so many people feel sad about  your past you will know how many people love you. deep from our hearts.  i hope you will be happy in the heaven and God will be with you.  RIP  I will never forget you!
We will miss you Steve Jobs.  You made Apple into a wonderful experience to us users.  You were a genius and had inspired many.  Thank you for what you have given us.
I was so surprised and shaken. I just found out a few minutes ago that mankind has lost of it's greatest geniuses. Steve's journey to becoming an electronic guru was the epitome of the American dream. Steve began the Apple Computer Company at the age of 21 in 1976 in his parents' garage. Slowly, he expanded that company year by year, and today, Apple is one of the greatest and most powerful companies in the world. To all patrons and enthusiasts of Apple, raise your iPods, iPads, iMacs, iPhones, and other Apple gadgetry in silent salute, to the man who made them all possible. Steve, your legacy and brilliance will live on your company, and your products forever.
Just a man, just an ordinary human being, has left.   But this man who just fought for his dreams, building a company, the most valuable company in the world, tought us that everything begins with imagination. Imagining, inventing and re-inventing a new whole world is the clue.  Thanks Steve for teaching the world that dreams are the key of the future.
You are my idol and a person that I could only dream to be like when i  grow up. I look up to you. Your death (in my opinion) is the worst i  have ever heard of. You will always be in our hearts. You are my hero.
Como diseñador y persona, me duele mucho la pérdida de un personaje tan influyente en el diseño del siglo XXI.
How I wish I had reached out to you earlier... All of us here want to extend our deepest condolences to the entire Apple family over the loss of Steve Jobs. Not only was Steve a visionary, but someone I've been inspired by -- a virtual mentor, so to speak. Our company launched two years ago and has iPods that are literally powering our business. Thanks to all of you for creating such terrific products that enable even the littlest companies to appear bigger than we actually are. May Steve rest in peace.
The Heaven wins a genius.  Thanks Steve Jobs.
A true inspirational leader has changed in our lives in so many ways,  making technology so easy to use, making listening to music so easy to  get, and most of all making me get inspired to be a better person every  single day, because he simply made the world a better place.
Thanks Steve, for everything. I've continuously owned and used your creations since the mid-80s. Using a Mac was always an intuitive process. I will miss your impact on our world's future technological advances, though I trust your spirit will continue to inspire others.
Although I never met Steve Jobs, I always enjoyed reading about how he had created a company as large as Apple from nothing.   I sit here, saddened about this news in a way I never thought possible. I would like to thank Steve Jobs for all the hours he has put into bringing all these amazing products to the wider public and for achieving all that he has throughout his life. Without Steve Jobs, the world would not be what it is today.  My thoughts and prayers go to his family and to the whole of Apple Inc.
Incredible sadness. Imagine what more he had in his imagination!
Steve, THANK YOU!!!!! from the bottom of my heart, THANK YOU!!!! Thank  you for teaching me that there are no limits to inspiration, and  teaching me to live beyond set limits and realize there are no  boundaries. In having a dream of how you can affect the world. But most  of all  thank you for teaching me to have the faith to look back and  connect the dots, and learning to trust the future will do it all by  itself. A Leader and a Visionary, a man whom we should all aspire to be  like, you will be missed by many, you will be missed by me, but the  legacy you leave behind, to follow your dreams will live on forever,  inspiring people till the end of time. Rest Well, till we meet again.
This is sad sad day!  I never thought I'll feel like that, but it's overwhelming... tears falling down from my eyes...  Steve you were great man and you'll always be in my mind, I will tell my son about you and want him to be like you! My house is full with Apple stuff only because of excellence of those products and I believe that's because literally you were behind all of that to the last screw! Apple will go on! Miss you a Lot! Rest in peace, Steve!
Wish I may express my sincere appreciation for his brilliant  contributions.   Wish I may express my sincere condolences to his  friends and family.  Wish I might thank him!
The world has lost a true visionary. My condolences to the Jobs family.  You truly will be missed.
An innovator who inspired generations with his vision and passion. A revolutionist who created a lifestyle, a culture which interacted with modern technology and changed the way we live and the way we communicate. He left an extraordinary company behind that enriched and improved the quality our lives. Thank you very much Steve Jobs for being one of the most inspirational figures of last centuries. Rest in Peace
I completely and wholeheartedly agree that Steve Jobs was an amazing man  who completely revolutionized technology. His death was a big blow to  both the industry and world as a whole, but he won't be forgotten.
I was a hardcore PC fan until Steve Jobs introduced such revolutionary products such as the iPhone and the iPad and now everything I own from laptops to phones is from Apple. Thank you for changing my mind and the worlds Steve.
Hi.  We have lost the greatest visionary of the modern era, and there will  never be another one like him.  All I can say is thank you, Steve.   Thank you for the great memories and for making my life easier with the  Apple products you made possible that I use.  We will miss you a lot,  and I say "we" because I feel that I am a part of Apple.  We must  continue with his vision and his legacy cannot be forgotten.  My deepest condolences to his family,  his friends, and the Company.
Steve Jobs.  You are the GREATEST!
A wonderful presenter and a wonderful person. He held on to see the iPhone 4 S. Only Steve would do that. Sending this from my iPad.20  My heart goes out to his family which includes his Apple co-workers.
I never met Steve Jobs. And i wouldn't have to had my life changed by   him. Like me, thousands had the same luck, in a time where our lives are   bombed with bad news, tragedy, wars...where the people most talked   about are Osama Bin Laden, Saddam Hussein, etc...or the topics are   wars, economic crisis, pollution... Steve brought to us not just joy, color, design... he brought   integration, technology, information, put people together even they   are thousands miles away. He made the word impossible something out of his life, and we should   all learn from him. The world lost a great man, a great revolutionary, a great leader.  Godspeed Steve, and we all mac lovers see you soon. Thanks you very   much.
Our heart goes out to the "apple family." Most of us will never have known him. Every time we saw him with next best apple creation we were captured by his excitement. The torch as been past but we will miss his spirit.
Steve,  You will live on. You are Apple. Apple is Steve Jobs. While you will physically be gone, you will never be truly gone. Rest in peace. Hopefully they setup an Airport base station so you can get WiFi access.  Thanks for everything.
I've never owned one. Norhave Iownedan iPod or an iPhone. But I can say without reservation that Steve Jobs was a pioneer who started a company with a vision and rescued that company at one its most vulnerable time and raised it to one of the greatest most revered technical giants of the 20th and 21st century. I have the upmost respect for the man. He was what is best about America. The fact that you can start with little and endeavored to create something beyond your dream.  Thank you.
Mr. Jobs. Steve, if I may be so bold.  I might list all the ways your innovation and that of the employees of Apple affect my life each day, however I will spare the dissertation and simply say thank you.  Thank you and you will not be forgotten.  To your family my condolences and again you have my thanks.
I don't think anyone will ever be able to fathom the true impact he had not only on modern technology but on society as a whole. He proved that you don't  have to be the top of your college graduating class to accomplish something  and have a great impact on the world. All you need is an idea.
Steve Jobs had a drive to innovate and make great things because that's how geniuses tick. What set him apart was his commitment to bringing his innovations to everyone, because that's who great things should be for.  When I wake up in the morning, one of the first things I see is his quote: "Being the richest man in the cemetery doesn't matter to me ... Going to bed at night saying we've done something wonderful... that's what matters to me." Since I began applying that philosophy to everything I do - professionally, personally - I've found things tend to work out ok.  Thanks, Steve. Thanks for giving me great technologies to use, and even better wisdom to follow and share.
Thank you Steve.  Your spirit and vision will live forever.  You were taken too soon from us, but you will never be forgotten.  RIP.
I'm writing this note using my iPad. You have changed the way we live and use technology. Apple has humanized digital technology and that would not have  been possible without your vision and guidance. You will be greatly missed Mr. Jobs.
You change my life Steve, Thank you Thank you Thank you.  I have no doubt you are already streamlining Heaven as you did on Earth.  Farewell.
World has lost the greatest visionary!!!! You are inspiration to us and our kids!
A very sad day and great loss indeed!!     I have been a lecturer/teacher in interactive multimedia for many years. Using Macintosh computing devices in many forms, his vision and extra insight into many fields related to this technology would be shoes hard to fill.  My deepest condolences to his family and close friends.  Rest in peace Steve!
Gracias, Steve.
Steve Jobs, I think more than anyone else, personified the American spirit. He rose from humble beginnings to become one of the greatest success stories in the history of business.  His pursuit of bold innovation drove him to break boundaries and create technological marvels that were truely 'magical'.  Steve was a man who knew what he wanted, and even in the face of death itself, he continued to push technology to make the world a better place for us all.  He will forever be remembered in our hearts and minds as an American Icon...
I was really shocked as well as saddened when I saw the news...I believe  that Steve Jobs was the best inventor and CEO in history. I would just  like to offer my condolences and sorrow to his family and to Apple. I  really, really hope that Apple keeps the edge and innovation that Jobs  introduced.
Much will be said about Steve Job's contributions that have touched all  of us - Macs; iPods; iPhones; iPads.  To my mind probably the most  important legacy of Steve Jobs (and Apple) is his contribution to  education.  From grade school to university Apple represents the best  marriage of technology and learning.  As an educator and scholar, I am  indebted to Steve Jobs for helping to create tools that have enlivened  my classes and strengthened my research.  His genius will continue to  touch us all.
We are very sorry to hear that Steve Jobs left us. He was one example for our world, and for humanity, unforgetable, in all senses. Please tell his friends how sorry we feel.
Your contributions shaped the modern world. Your generosity was a model of ideal CEO behavior. You were and are an American Icon whose contributions to our society will be felt for eons. You were a brilliant mind and a symbol of the 21st century. My sympathies to all those you left behind personally and at the company you shaped. You will be truly missed. I pray that you have found peace.
I was a fan of Apple before it was cool. From my first MacII CX I was   hooked on Apple. As a graphic designer and owner of a small commercial   printing company I have experienced the magic first hand. From the   earliest days of running primitive Pagemaker I would have nothing but   Macs. I am so glad Steve was around to grow the company to the   powerhouse it is today.  My condolences to his family and friends. He will be missed.
You didn't just create products, you understood what technology would mean to people. You will always be an inspiration for everyone to be they best they can. Thank you.
It was an honor to work for your company. I was proud to recruit for your Apple, Retail Stores and spread the word of apple across Canada and Milano, Italy.  You enriched my life.
Although we knew that this time would come, I never thought that  I would actually feel this distraught about Steve Jobs passing. He will  always be remembered as a visionary, a creative genius in the  technological world. For this generation, the death of Steve Jobs can  only be equated to the death of John F. Kennedy or Princess Diana. Steve  Jobs has one way or another touched each and everyone of us in the  world. He will always be remembered in our life time and for life times  to come through the Apple name. Its deeply saddening that we have lost  such an iconic legend, my thoughts and prayers go to his family.
Not sure I have ever felt this deep of a sadness for an individual I had never met. I can only surmise that it stems from what I became (an Art Director) due in part to my trusted Macs through the years. From the first Mac in our house in 1984 to this day I have never worked on anything but an Apple computer. My deepest condolences to his family and the Apple community.
Steve changed the world in so many ways.  As I compose this message on my iPad, I can only imagine the innovation, vision and leadership the world lost today.  RIP Steve.  The world will always remember you.
You were a great inspiration for so me and so many others. You are already so greatly missed. Thank you again. God bless you.
Dear steve,  Thank you very much for creating the revolutionary I phone and I pad. These two products have created a positive impact in my educational and daily life. I will remember you as the man who revolutionized the Post PC era.
You will be remembered.  Like the person who invented books, you have propelled the human race to the next level of cognitive evolution, by simplifying the process of storing and retrieving information.  And you did it with style.
Steve Jobs is definately an amazing human being, that has contributed greatly in the modern technology. And, everytime I use my ipad, I will think of you.
A great person is gone, a person that was the head of a way of being is gone. Apple has changed the way I view PC's, its OS has made me think that a perfect thing is possible, I love it. Steve with all the Apple staff changed the world, you guys even have an episode in The Simpsons.  I want to express my condolences for the loss of a great person and hope its legacy and actions keep in our minds for a long time.  Thanks for everything! And Condolences from Colombia.
No te conocí, pero marcaste mi vida y lo que soy ahora.  Tuve la suerte de tener la primera mac que llegó a Quito, Ecuador.  Y con ella la posibilidad de hacerme lo que soy ahora.  Estudié diseño gráfico en mucho por lo que mi Mac me permitió desarrollar, fuimos junto con mi familia pioneros y luchadores en contra de todos los PCeros, como les decíamos... en las buenas y en las malas siempre estuvimos con Apple, y lo primero que hacíamos cuando comprábamos un carro, (como lo acabo de hacer hace unas semanas) es poner mi sticker de Apple en mi carro, antes de nada... eso me marca y me marcará siempre...  Gracias por todo!!! sin saber que existo, me ayudaste en hacer mi vida y lo que seré siempre  De corazón, que descanses en paz, y todo nuestro respecto y cariño para su familia.
Dear Steve,  You changed the way our generation used technology. You were a true innovator and an engineer in so many ways. You brought us inventions that brought ease into our lives. Inspiration flowed through your veins and reached out to us. Thanks for the iPhone, iTouch, and MacBook Pro that I am using this day! Thank you so much, Steve! I know God has a seat for you up there in Heaven. Rest in peace, Steve!
Such a sad day! Steve was a brilliant man. My thoughts and prayers go  out to all his family and friends. I did not know him personally, just  am a fan of his creations.
To the Jobs family,  I write on one of Steve's inventions.    I hope that Steve and your family were able to enjoy his last days in a peaceful and private place. He was truly a visionary and someone who pursued what he loved. He made a true impact on our society.  My thoughts are with you and your family.
It takes an amazing visionary to create something from nothing, leave it behind and then breath life into it a second time. Jobs created much more than Apple computers - he created a way of interacting with a machine and made it feel like it was an extension of your hand and mind. Apple will be hard pressed to find that kind of vision again and I only hope (and I feel hopeful that) the company can pool it's collective consciousness and continue what Jobs started.
From the 12 year old who had his first contact with a Macintosh and  knew the world would change, too the 27 year old that has seen it happen.  I promises I will keep my passion to make sure it does.  In Loving memory.
Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak began Apple computers in a time of great  innovation. Steve Jobs was a visionary with the future in sight. He was a man of the  Apple. Simplicity and Complexity in one. May he be known and never forgotten.
The world is immeasurably better because of Steve.
Dear all,  I would like to express my deepest condolences on Steve Jobs' passing   away...I am devastated, his genius and his products made my life a lot   happier and a lot easier.  When I first saw a Mac in 1997, I fell in love at once with the   product, the concept, the company...and I was never the same again. I   am a grown up man today, but deep in my heart still that fascinated   youngster every time I turn on my Mac.  Rest in peace, dear Steve. We owe you too much.
Just one word "BEST", thank you Mr. Jobs...
You changed our way of seeing the world Steve, bon voyage... :)
I have only been using your products for a decade. But you have been  innovating genius for three. You're a pioneer and a visionary, and you  will be missed by billions.
To have in some small way contributed to Apple under your leadership, is an experience I shall never forget. I shall miss your friendly smile and wave hello every morning in IL01, but most of all I shall miss your genius, your amazing vision and your unparalleled ability to see beyond what is possible. Your spirit will forever leave its indelible mark on Apple and each one of us. Here's to the round pegs in the square holes. Here's to the crazy ones. R.I.P
It is terribly sad that the world has lost an amazing man, and Apple has  lost its creative genius. It is immeasurably sad for his family to have  lost him at such a young age. My condolences to his wife Laurene and his  four children, who have lost a husband and a father.
R.I.P. Steve. You've changed an industry, and revolutionized a business. Thank you for your contributions to the human race.
I remember when I was 8 and I had my first computer back in 1980. Steve Jobs  was already present in my life ever since back then. I will miss you Steve,  thank you for teaching us that being fearless and to believe in your ideas pays off in many levels. Thank you for showing us there's always a different angle to things, thank you for teaching us to be unique...  A star is moving on to the next level, the next creative realm.  My sincere condolences Jobs family from my costarican family to yours.
I have admired Steve Jobs and considered him to be an inspiration to me ever since I've known him.  I wished I could have worked alongside of him.  Very sad to hear of his death.  My thoughts and prayers go out to his family.
I work at Apple. My thoughts and prayers are with Steve's family and our Apple family! If it wasn't for Steve, I wouldn't be where I am today, in a job that I love, with a big family who I love to see every day! So Steve thank you for more than just your creative inspirations, thank you for my family!
Well, five minutes ago I was noticed about this tragedy, I'm so sorry about this, let me tell you this is the worst new I've got this day, Steve was, is, will continue being my idol, I learnt a lot with his ideals, and I trust in him. I knew the moment was coming but I didn't think It would be sooner I thought.  I repeat it again, I'm so sorry, and you, Steve, will be an idol and Hero to me.
Thank you Steve, thanks to you I still believe - and will always believe - one can still be a visionary, never give up.
I don't know him, but I Lost him very much.
Dear Steve's family,                 R.I.P to the death of Steve Jobs.                 I am a girl from China and study in Purdue University right now. I was using Apple products when I was in junior high. You have no idea how much i love them ever since. After using first Ipod nano, I start to collect them for example, I got shuffle, Ipad, new version of nano, classic, Iphone, mac air and even my whole family are using Iphone. Also I am planning on buying Iphone 4s on 14th of October. I know that Steve's death would bring sorrow even shadows into your family but I really hope your family can get through this. You should know there are zillions of people love Apple.                  Just so you know, Steve has been my role model for years and he will always be.
He was truly an incredible mind,  innovator and person. He left us too soon, yet managed to leave us with so much. My condolences to his family and friends. Rest in peace Steve.
God obviously needed someone to help Him do things different up there.  Innovate with the angels and keep an eye on my data in your  iCloud...that IS up there in heaven isn't it?  Rest in Blissful Peace.
To the Apple Family,  May I extend my heartfelt sympathies to all at Apple on learning of   the passing of Steve Jobs.
A Titan has moved on.
Thank you for being the greatest innovator in American history. You literally changed the culture of this generation. Our thoughts are with your family and team. "A friend is someone who knows the song in your heart, and can sing it back to you when you have forgotten the words." ~Donna Roberts
To the Families  (personal, work, industry and the world) of Steve Jobs.  Thanks for reaching beyond the established limits and believing in the Possible. You proved that there are no limits  to the imagination. "Dreaming" is what you left as a legacy. We need more people with your courage and passion.   Thanks for being YOU.  God Bless your family and friends.
I never met you, but I knew you.  I never worked for apple, but I sold your product.  Your vision and focus were inspiring.  Your courage, incredibly admirable.  Thank you for your influence and example.  Though you will be missed, you will never be forgotten.  Rest in peace brother.
I am so sorry. You have done so many great things for the world.
Thank you for all you have given us. You will be missed.
Thank you Steve Jobs for everything you did and for simply changing the world with your amazing vision. You are a true example of how things in life are  possible with motivation, dedication, ambition, and heart. My condolences go out to your family. It has been an honor being part of your generation and your many history changes. My prayers go out to the Jobs family. Thank you!
The world and I will miss him terribly. A one of a kind. My thoughts and prayers are with him and his family and friends. We will miss you Mr. Jobs, I will miss you.
I'm greatly saddened by the news of Steve Jobs's death, my heartfelt condolences to his family. Apple products have changed my life for the better and for that I have Steve to thank. They made me feel like the future had arrived and I was in it.
We are so fortunate to have such a visionary man in control of Apple.  Under the leadership of Steve Jobs, Apple has always been a leader of beautifully engineered devices that are a cross between exacting functionality and beautiful design.  A combination of design and art.  Steve Jobs was truly an engineer and creative genius that has no equal.  May he rest in peace..
Truly saddened by the news.  He was truly a gifted person and he will be  missed.  Thank you Steve, for all your dreams.
My deepest condolences to the Jobs family. The world has lost one of the greatest visionaries and creative geniuses of our time. Your legacy will live on forever.
My heart goes out to the entire Jobs family and all of Apple. He was such a great inspiration to so many and even though I didn't personally know him, it  feels like I lost my friend. I can barely even type this message without tears falling down my face. May God watch over his family and comfort them in this time of need. He was certainly way to young but maybe God needed help with his iPad...  RIP Steve Jobs, you will be missed!!!!
The world has lost a visionary, a man we can liken to some of the most inventive men the world has ever seen. I am not sure we will ever see a man of his caliber again.
Steve is one of the few people that you can say made a real impact on both the IT industry and society as a whole.  His vision and leadership will be dearly missed throughout the world.
My heart goes out to steve. I am really just a person who became very happy when I got a mac, an excellent computer that steve helped engineer. Because of that, he has really changed my life, and I nearly felt like crying when I heard the news that he had died. I am very, very, sad that he has passed away.
I am deeply saddened to hear the news of Steve's passing..  I purchased my first Mac computer this morning and was excited about my purchase all day.  Thanks Steve for building a company that has quality and service that is second to none!! You will be missed greatly!!
Dear Apple,  Steve is my role model for years, and I... I really can't say anything. I'm a huge fan of Steve Jobs and Apple too. I was preparing to go to bed, and in the bed I saw this horrible news. I don't have much money but in the last year I collected enough money to buy the iPhone 4. I was really proud (and I'm still so proud) to have my first iPhone which was presented by the big Steve Jobs who is my idol for long time. Steve made me think different. Yes. It's true. He proved that the precise details are also very, very important in life. He had the ability to make magic in computer science and in people's life too. He will be mourned by millions of people with me. I'm sure. I'm so sad now...  Thank You, Steve Jobs. Rest in Peace.
Hello, I didn't fully know Steve until around the release of the 4th Gen iPod Nano. I watched the keynote and instantley I said this guy really know what he's doing and later on he became my hero. I continue to watch all the Keynotes. I will miss Steve deeply and no matter what his legacy will live on forever and ever. My heart goes out to his family. MY HERO IS DEAD!! :(
Thank you for the amazing products! Rest in Peace
a true revolutionary . . . thank you for the gifts shared.
Steve wasn't only the most creative CEO the world always had: he was   also a symbol of strengh, inteliggence and hope. We'll trully miss   Steve here, but at least im happy to know that he could see Iphone 4S   be launched, cause we know how important it was to him. Even sick, he   worked cause he knew how important it was to us, and we thank he   sooooo much.
Steve was the reason I was introduced to Apple at such a young age. From my first Apple computer playing Oregon Trail, to my iPhone 4, iMac, and iPad, his revolutionary ideas inspired so many generations. He will be greatly missed.
Thanks Steve for your Visionary. Ignited minds of younger generation to carry forward your vision to next level.  You always is my true inspiration in IT field. Proven time and again that anything and everything can be accomplished.  May your soul rest in peace.
I remember the first time I got an iPod. I fell in love on the spot. Who knew a simple music player could be so much more than just that? It became a part of me that I carried everywhere.  The day that I got my first iPhone was one of the happiest days of my life. It instantly transformed into an extension of my own arm. I did't leave the house without it. I used it for anything and everything.  When I started to watch the Apple Keynotes presented by Steve Jobs, I was entranced. I believed what he was telling me about and wanted to have the product he was describing. He made Apple cool.  To this day I respect Steve Jobs' diligence and faithfulness towards Apple, even unto his dying breath. He has revolutionized the way I think about technology. He raised the bar and set a standard that no one could match but Apple itself. He made Apple what it is today. Steve Jobs is Apple.  He will forever be remembered as the greatest innovator in the world of technology. Thank you, Steve. You succeeded in doing the impossible: making your products extremely simple and beautiful, and with that, you have moved mountains.
For a long time I have always been and still am a PC person. Not once  though have I felt the satisfaction and tranquility from an easy,  practical, convenient, outstanding, revolutionary and remarkable user  interface as Apple has brought into my technological existence and I am  truly grateful and proud to be an Apple user and what your dreams and  hopes has brought to all us in unification from what you loved. Thank  you and you will be truly missed.
Thanks Steve for changing our lives, God bless you.
Steve Jobs began innovating this world so young because he was destined  to leave it so early. Nonetheless, his 56 years delivered more impact  than most would in 156.
Dear Steve Jobs,  You not only inspired me, but became that ONE person whom I'd love to  be. I have never felt the way I do right now, and although I have never  met, heard, spoke, or saw a glimpse of you in real life, you are a man I  will honour. I man that redefined the world of creativity, made a place  in the hearts of many without even trying.
Incredible sadness. Imagine what more he had in his imagination!
I truly don't know of any other entrepreneur who has made a legacy purely through acts of creation. Perhaps Steve Jobs was more Artist than Businessman.  And anyone who's had the fortune to live in the time of a great artist is surely privileged.  May peace be with Steve on his iCloud in the sky.
I am a 15 year old teenager from southern California who loves Apple and  its products. I have the privilege of saying that I lived through the  Steve Jobs era. I lived through the products that Steve had created.  Although I may not have known Steve I have been influenced by his works.  He has been a great influence in my life. He changed the world of  technology.  Even though I will never get the chance to meet him, I feel  as though I already have, through Apple.
My deepest condolences to his family. I'm sending all the love and light they need to go through this difficult time.
The world has lost one of history's greatest innovators. His absence from the technology landscape will be felt for years to come.
To everyone mourning the passing of Steve Jobs, please be comforted in  the faith inspired truth that all good things are eternal.  So, somewhere in heaven a group of especially talented souls are being  spurred on by a fiery new entity to keep on being insanely great, and  surely all creation will benefit.  Thank you, Steve, for what you did for this world and for what you're  most likely doing for the next.
I remember the first time I worked with a Mac, it was 93 I believe and  it was an all green screen with huge floppy disks. At the time it was a  learning aid for school, thats when I was 6. Now I'm 24 and in college  and I use a Mac book pro for schooling. I had no idea the impact Steve  Jobs and the Apple Corp would have on my education and future. I don't  now if thank you is sufficient enough - but, Thank You. Thank you Steve  for vesting your talents into technology that would improve education in  another life. Your influence, talents, and generosity will be greatly  missed. The world lost a gifted individual today.
You were, and will always be, my hero.  May you rest in peace.
Dear Steve,You brought magic to the World and everything has changed from you. Even though you are not here, you still will be with us. We will always remember you and your spirit.  Thank you.  Rest in peace.
Dear Steve: I'm going to miss you a lot. I'm just a teenage girl in high school right now, but trust me when I say that you've changed my life without even knowing it. Because of you, I've had the courage to defy my family and tell them that I'm going to make a career out of animation, even though that's not the "practical route" they've wanted me to take. Through your struggles and success, I want to try so much harder to overcome my own hardships, and I promise one day, because of your influence on me, that I will be successful. You were a great man.
Ladies and Gents at Apple,  Please accept my humble condolences for the loss of a great thinker,  leader, and a really beautiful mind. Sorry for these bad news. May God  be with his family in these harsh and severe moments.
Without any doubt, Steve is my role model. He changed the world and this whole generation. We will miss him forever. Sincerely      A big fan from China.
We will miss you, thank you for everthing you give us.  You change the world and my life.  Thank you.
Steve, thanks for all, you were a genius.....we will remember you in each Ipad, Iphone, IPod that we will see now and in the future.
Thanks, not because all the technology you bring, thanks for your  modesty, thanks for your speeches, thanks for be an inspiration and i  hope you'll find happiness and peace on the other side.  Again thanks!
I can't believe! I can't believe!  We have lost the genius of the genius!  Going well, Mr. Jobs. Good luck, apple!
When I think about the potential each of us can bring to life, I think of people like Steve Jobs. He enriched so many of our lives by following his passion and making it perfect. Thank you Steve.
I am very saddened by the loss of such an elevated human being...  Thank you, Steve for your amazing contribution to our world.
We thank God for having him with us, he shone like a sun among us, earth lost a great human, but heaven won a soul inspiration.
My father died of the same cancer Steve Jobs had in 2010. He was diagnosed in 2006, three years after Steve Jobs. Seeing him lose his battle today is very sad for me, as it hits very close to home. My thoughts are with his family. I know how great your loss is and how heavy your heart is tonight. I am so very sorry.
One of the worlds most innovative and creative minds has left us. Steve Jobs was an inspiration to many and personally inspired me to “Think Different”. I am very thankful that I was fortunate enough to meet him in person. Our thoughts and prayers go out to his family and the team at Apple.
Steve Jobs,  The world has cried for The loss of a unique genius, thank you for everything you provided to all. I was fortunate to live to see the evolution of technology through your vision and developed ideas.
Our family thanks you for having the courage to take so many wonderful  risks, resulting in a more magical world for all of us.
This is a sad day for the world.  My sympathies to his family and all  his colleagues at Apple.  He was much too young to die; especially such  a brilliant man.  My thoughts are with you.
For you helped shaped how we view and use new technology. I grew up  learning on an Mac and I make a living using Apple products. He was  truly a visionary and was sad to hear of his passing. Condolences to his  family and friends as we the Apple community feel we have lost a family  member.
Thanks Steve.  You made easy  what people had thought to see difficult.  You made lovely what people had been used to see ugly.  You made colorful what people had been forced to believe dark and monotonous.   You made light what people had carried heavy.  We love you, Steve.  Enjoy watching us on the cloud!
You were and will continue to be an inspiration and hero to me.  I will tell my children about you and your accomplishments.  Thank you for all the amazing products.     You were insanely great.
I met Steve Jobs at the Palo Alto Apple store opening.  Was maybe the coolest moments in my life.  Steve was not only a visionary but he really listened to his customers.  I will miss Steve's One More Thing keynote speeches, and not to mention his signature turtle neck and jeans.
Steve truly perfected the link between man and machine through pure inspiration and creativity. My prayers are with his family and friends. Rest in peace Steve.
Peace be with you on your next journey Mr. Jobs.   You have given so much to so many.  We are grateful for all the innovations you have given us, and those yet to come thanks to your insight and spirit.  We mourn with Laurene and your children, and we mourn with your family at Apple.  Thank you Steve.
He made the world more beautiful. It isn't just that he understood the actual product should be beautiful, but he understood that what it made possible should be beautiful as well. He made the act of creating on computers a thing of beauty and the participation in beauty itself. The world is a more beautiful place because of him. Thank you, Steve, for being true to yourself and helping us find ourselves as well.
"When you were born, you cried and the world rejoiced. Live your life in a manner. So that when you die, the world cries and you rejoice."  I think you've made it and you've made it so good for this whole world. We all here will pray and always remember The Best Genius we've ever known, Mr. Jobs.  God with you.
I am 19 years old, I'm from Colombia and I've been following Apple for a long time. I have to say that the world have lost one the greatest minds that it ever had, it's not only the products he helped to create but his enthusiasm. I send my condolences to his family and friends, and that the world will always remember who he was and what he did for the world.
My condolences to the Jobs family.  The world lost a truly great   person today.  We will miss you Steve.
Steve was innovative, a brilliant mind that innovated the world. I am an admirer of the life history Steve Jobs. Today we are saddened by his death, but he will live forever in our hearts.
"Stay hungry. Stay foolish." S.J. Thank you.
Thank you Steve for making my life so much easier and efficient.  Blessings to you and your family.
In 1984 I was a senior in high school and my father brought home a 128k  Mac. I could use a computer. I've been using Steve's products for the  last  27 years. Each and every one of them changed how I looked at  things. I always describe to friends my feelings about Apple's products  that using them is fun. Using PC's was working, using Macs was like  playing they were just fun. Steve Jobs changed my profession, he made it  easier. That's what he has always done. Thank you Mr. Jobs. You have  enriched my life and that of my family.
What a terrible loss, so young, thank you Steven Jobs for all you have given and the way you have changed everyday life. My sincere condolences and prayers to his family.
You inspired so many people Steve. You will surely be missed.
You will be missed Steve. The world has lost a great person today. RIP Steve.
...Just wanted to write something.  ...I receive inspiration from a lot of sources, one of them is the work of people like Steve Jobs.  ...I'm an illustrator, every day is a constant search for images that amaze people, that touch people, you guys do that, Steve still does that.  ...Thanks a lot for the tools and for the example, for the inspiration, that's a thing that doesn't die.  ...My condolences to the family, friends and co-workers.
Thank you Steve for being an inspiration and model.  Thank you for showing the world what computers and technology are capable of in our lives.  And most of all, thank you for showing us what a person is capable of when following his dreams and relentlessly saying no to the walls placed around him.
I can say with all honesty that I would be doing NOTHING that I do today, with the ability I have to do it, with the human passion that it encourages, without the vision of Steve Jobs. I am at a loss beyond comprehension.
Steve you have brought so many new and amazing ideas to apple. You were  clearly a genius. I admire you and how you became so wealthy and  successful. You were one of a kind and will truly be missed.
We lost an icon who teached us to think about icons.
I'm very pleased to have shared a dinner with Steve way back in the  80's. He leaves behind an enormous legacy - I'm not sure that people  fully appreciate how things were in a particular market before Steve  jumped in with another 'insanely great' product.  I'm really very sad that this has happened to him.
When I was 6 years old my father brought home our first computer, an apple 2 plus.  He excitedly put me on his lap and said "this thing is going to change the world!" Two years ago I visited my father, now a father myself. I excidedly showed him pictures of his granddaughter's birth on an iPad exclaiming to him "dad, this thing is gonna change the world!" Thank you Steve Jobs from just one of many MAC families that will miss you and our thoughts and prayers are with your family and loved ones.
Steve, you are without question the greatest visionary of our lifetime. Thank you so much for changing the planet.
This company and his legacy will shine a little brighter knowing that Steve will be watching over it in Heaven.  My prayers and thoughts go to his wife and kids.....those that knew him when  he doubted himself and loved him no matter what....
You were an incredible visionary with a common goal that captivated and sculpted the entrepreneurial minds of generations. Steve work will never be forgotten.
Steve Jobs changed the world.  He brought so many new things to the table.  He changed the way we do our daily tasks.  We have truly lost one of the greatest innovators of all time.  I am honored to have lived in the same time he did.  He will be remembered forever.  May his family find peace and my God take care of them.  See you on the other side Steve.
I work with special needs children, many of whom have communication disorders. The recent innovations of the iPod touch and iPad and their easy accessibility as a tool have given these children a voice. Thank you Mr Jobs. May your family take comfort in how much you gave to this world.
There are no words to express what the world has lost.  Deepest sympathies to his family who have lost even more.
I think Steve Jobs was an amazing human being! A real entrepeneur! My condolences to your family and closely friends!  Thanks a lot to you Mr Jobs and your contribution for a better world to  live. You will be with us forever! Love apple! Love your ideas and vision of  future!
The world has lost one of the greats, thanks for all the excitement and joys that you brought to our lives. God Bless you my Hero.
I remember watching Steve Jobs make a presentation to the Cupertino City Council.  I watched it on youtube.  He was presenting his vision for the new Apple headquarters.  I was most struck by how humble he was, just standing there by himself waiting for his turn to speak, seeming perhaps a little bit nervous or awkward.  Here was the man who had built the largest company in the world and placed the headquarters in his hometown of Cupertino, now waiting for his turn at the lectern to make a pitch for the new Apple headquarters. He described how he had grown up in the city.  He described how the company had outgrown it's facilities, forcing it to lease space scattered throughout the city.  This was his hometown.  He explained how he wanted to bring the company back together into a single, futuristic-looking building. He spoke quietly, unhurriedly, mostly monotone, but with extreme clarity, precision and passion about the vision he had for Apple. It was beautiful.
Thanks Steve for helping us all find our creative side and challenging us to  think outside the box. You will be deeply missed.
Steve Jobs was many things. He represented the zenith of so many things great men of history aspire to be and achieve. But what strikes me most is that he is the first great man of our generation to be taken too soon.  I cannot imagine how much we've lost with this brilliant light now darkened by the eventuality that waits for us all.  "...The loss of one diminishes me."
To the Family,  My family and I became Apple converts just this year.  I began learning more about Steve and have so much respect for all that he did to promote the best invention I will ever know.  Our condolences to your family during this time of loss.
Apple, via Steve Jobs, has permeated my life, personal and professional ever since I first laid hands and eyes on a computer.  Thank you Steve for giving the world (and me) a better way forward for digital life.
Steve Jobs made the computer age simple for people like me.  I am a true Apple fan and it is because of him and his vision that I can navigate my computer more easily and have it incorporated more effectively into my every day life.  I thank him.  A Great Visionary.  When we look back in history I truly believe he will be compared to the likes of Louis Pastuer,  Thomas Eddison,  Alex Graham Bell (All men who made life easier for the common person).   My condolescences to his family.   I can't imagine your  loss but your heart must swell with pride that he will live on forever.
First time I knew about Mac was back to 2002. I am from Viet Nam, and extraordinary design and beauty of Mac OS caught my attention from a first look. You have brought your visionary ideas, which at first, people thought lousy products but now billion of people will talk about it as a beacon of glamour, magnificence, standard of technology elegance. I am also learnt a lots from your address at Stanford University Commencement with the lessons that you shared with us from the pivotal moment in your life, from your battle with a severe sickness. These lessons encourage me to move forward, grasp the chances and live with my all youthful strength, so I will not regret.  I am also want to send my sincere, deepest sympathy to his family in this mournful moment. His love for family and children will be always by your side.  I am borrowing one quote from Walt Disney: “Around here, however, we don’t look backwards for very long. We keep moving forward, opening up new doors and doing new things… and curiosity keeps leading us down new paths.” Your mark in history of mankind will last forever.
Thanks for the iPod Steve, my heart goes out to the jobs family.  Nothing harder than losing someone too young.
Dreaming was just the beginning....may your spirit live on in all of us.
Not only Apple, whole world has lost great innovator and genius of modern day.  May his soul rest in peace.
Mr Steve Job is a real super hero in my heart...i will remember him forever... rest in peace..
I remember as an artist going to college and discovering Macs and how they were going to revolutionize graphic design.  I received my first Mac as a gift but the real power came when the redesign of Macs were introduced.  I bought the first iMac with the swivel top and an iPod as well.  I have not looked back since.  Knowing how much Steve Jobs had a hand in this technology is humbling and inspiring all at the same time.  Thank you Steve for giving the world so much of your mind and it is that much sadder that you are not here to give more.
Rest in peace Steve the company you co founded was unbelievable. My condolences go out to all of Steve's family and friends. You will be missed by everyone
Thank you for changed my personal life and my business. You and your  company have inspired me to do better to my patients, employees and  myself.
Dear Steve,  you left us. Every time I saw your pictures or listened to your speeches something like a light created in me. We lost you. Thank god for creating Apple. I will miss you for sure. Thank you Steve, for all those hard days you did not give up, for all those moment you ignored but did not stop and all faith you had about yourself. You changed our world, our imaginary and our stories which we can tell to our kids. Thanks for Toy Story and wonderful moments you gifted us. I do not know how long, but it will take so long to somebody else come to world like you. Rest In peace and remember us.
His Spirit lives forever. The world will always, always, thank &amp; remember  him.  Condolences to Laurene &amp; his four children, and all Apple’s employees.
Steve, you were an inspiration to us and you provided us with a glimpse of what the future holds for humankind technologically. Thank you very much and may you now rest in peace.
No, of course I wasn't lucky enough to have known him personally, but I do remember sitting near him in a restaurant in Assen at the Aspen Design Conference in the 1980s. At that conference a fellow designer I was speaking with remarked how they just came out with computers that can do your mechanicals for you.....No more pasting up on art boards one's design to be printed.  ....and the rest is history.
This world is a better place because of Mr. Steve Jobs. His   innovations are forever going to be the basis of all technological   breakthroughs. My deepest condolence to family and friends.
What made Steve Jobs special, I believe, was his optimistic view of life and his vision of what his company could achieve to make a positive contribution to the world and the lives of others.  He did this by bringing out the best in himself and those around him, rather than seeking to impede the progress of others.  May his positive view and energies continue on to inspire the world and the next generation of entrepreneurs.
I'm so sad.. I hope your happy where you are now.  Thanks for all mister Jobs.   Rest in peace.
I would like to thank you apple and of course steve jobs for helping me with my music that I can create and share with your products without my first ipod I don't think I would of done anything with music and expressing my passion and struggles thru my MacBook, iPhone, and iPad thank you so much steve... One of the most influential and amazing people in the world
There aren't words to express how much Steve influenced my day-to-day  endeavors or how much the will be missed.
What a great loss to the world, what a great man. The family of Steve Jobs is in my thoughts and prayers.
One of the very sad things about Steve Jobs dying is that his visions   and excitement for the possible gave us a clear sign of what it means   to live.  Whatever his next journey may be I pray that the expression   of his soul continues to live out in those he trusted and loved.
I have only worked for Apple for one year, but everyday I am blown away  by this company. Steve has done so much for this world..and so much for  me. It's not just about the amazing technology, but this new Family that  I have. "Thank You" dosen't seem to say enough but right now its all I  have.  Thank You!  We'll miss you every day
A great mind, a great inspiration! His work will live on - on our   desks, in our seminar rooms and lecture halls!
Steve's work helped shape the modern computing world. I feel that, without him, we would not recognize the devices in front of us as computers; we would recognize them as calculators, and we, as a race, would of lost a very powerful tool.  Rest in peace, Steve; your work, both in and outside of Apple, has helped so many.
Mr. Jobs:  Having grown up with Apple products, I remember being so excited to use  a Macintosh computer for the first time. The vision was so special and  everyone knew it - even then.   You truly brought, and continue to bring  as your legacy, such joy to everyone, including industries of artists!  Your reach is far, limitless and unquantifiable.  You actually changed  entire industries - not just the computer industry itself.   You are a  testament to possibilities.  Thank you for living your gifts!!
The first thing I can think of is his legacy, not only for the great organization he founded and lead, but for human kind. Its History and its future. Yes, that deep. He took us all beyond our down to earth expectations, developing artifacts that came from dreams and images of the future. He took us to the 21st century. No keys to type. No mouses to grab and move. Just our bare hands.  Thank you.
Steve Jobs was the greatest innovator of our time. The legacy he is leaving behind his going to be a large hill to climb. Our prayers go out to his family and loved ones.
I'm a graduate student in design and musicology  field. I grew up with Macintosh, and i learned a lot from the products and the  company, and there is no doubt that i cultivated an aesthetic cense from them. so I just want to say thank you to all who work for Apple, and  especially Mr. Jobs for releasing so many of amazing products.  RIP Mr.Jobs.
I was sad to hear about Mr. Jobs passing.  Steve Jobs was a modern day  Walt Disney.  Even though I never met the man or had the pleasure of  working with him at Apple his personality, and zest of creativity would  always show during his keynotes. Myself and my parents now use Apple products because of Mr. Jobs.  I  have inspired others to purchase Apple products because how it made my  life easier and fun.  Please give my best to his family, both at Apple and in his private  life.  I only hope that his vision will continue to inspire the next  generation of technology.
R.I.P Steve Jobs you where amazing for all the products you released. From starting with the iPod all the way to the iPhone 4gs. You were amazing to the world and Apple will never forget you!  Rest In peace.
Thank You. A lot of respect. Best regards.
I can hardly believe that an amazing man like Steve Jobs can one day die and leave our world orphan! He had a huge impact on our lives and the actual world and succeeded in innovating and creating new and amazing technologies, by giving us what we want and understand our needs. Hope he died in peace! Rest in peace Steve, may your soul be amount those living in paradise.
Hi,  Would like to convey my deepest condolences to Mr. Steve Jobs family and friends. We are losing a great man! Indeed he made a mark in all our hearts.  May his soul Rest In Peace!
iBummer!  Steve, you made making a living on computers more than just a "job". You made it fun. An Adventure. And an opportunity to be not just a better employee, but a better person! You will be missed beyond words...  God Bless You and Your Family,
This is a such a sad day. I had no idea how deeply I'd be affected by this news. Steve's inspiration and legacy will forever be a part of the story of my life. Much love to those who really knew him.
It is impossible to say what Steve Jobs has meant in the life of our family.  We have nothing but Apple computers in our home. We all would have nothing but Apple products for all of our communications. As a result of the iPad, we  have planned and executed a small business. Steve Jobs has been a constant inspiration for well over twenty years to our family. We are grief-stricken at his death as we would be for a family member because he has been an import ant part of our family for such a long time. Thank you, Steve.
The word great is overused today.   But, applied to Steve it is spot on.   Few can compare. The man changed the way we all work, relax &amp; communicate.   Steve Jobs was truly great.   He will be missed by millions.   My prayers and thoughts are with his family and those who were close to him.  Sleep well Steve.
Thanks for challenging the status quo.  Thanks for not being satisfied with less than amazing. Thanks for leading a team that has given our imaginations the tools needed to change the world.
Dear Steve,  You have forever changed our lives and will forever be in our hearts.  You will be greatly missed.  You were my inspiration, my motivation and my hero.  We will never really know how many lives you have enriched with your company and your products.  My condolences go out to your family, friends and Apple employees.
As you got older, your thoughts got better, bigger, apple got bigger and  better and apple is a company that only YOU could of built. So here i  sit, with my iPod Touch, Macbook, and iPad, All Your creations. We will  always remember what a wonderful guy you were.
Steve Jobs, you were a man I wished i had met. You greatness and amazing creativity has influenced my life greatly and will continue to forever influence me for the rest of my life.  Thank you for making such a difference to my life.
I am a techer in a high school and recentlyin my class we watch the movie "Pirates of Sillicon Valley", it was very good for my students and obviously for me. My studentssaid "it´s incredible is real life story we need to do something similar with our life" I only want to say Thanks Steve Jobs
A true inspirational leader has left us and I feel for the Family and the Apple Team. He has changed the life of so many in such a positive way.  I won't ever forget him and his impact on my own life beliefs.
What an amazing man.  I have owned apple computers and apple products since I first purchased an apple 512. His ideas have influenced the entire computer industry and also overlapped into movies and entertainment. The world is so much better for him being in it and we are going to really miss his genius.
Thank you for changing the world. You leave behind so many fans,  well wishers and now grievers. I can't begin to say how wonderful of a  person you were in my eyes. A warm smile and a kind heart shines in  lasting memory and hope that your family can hold up ok without your  presence. I love the feeling, that I knew you through the product you  made. You will never be forgotten. You are Apple. I am Apple. Thanks for  every seed you planted, for the roots that spread through the world and  for the fruits of your beautiful mind and efforts. Thank you for Apple.
Here's to a mentor that didn't know me. An inspiration that never met me. A man that led more than he could imagine.  You will never truly be gone.
To you. From my heart.Thank you.
Tonight I thank God to have had the chance to live in the same world with Steve. I consider a blessing the many times I saw Steve on tv. May he rest in peace.
In memory of Steve Jobs:  I grew to love Apple through my love for my son.  Fred Jr. taught that  apple was the best computer, the best anything that America made. Fred Jr. has loved Mr. Apple (Steve Jobs) since he was fourteen and  while I started later with computers it has become a Family of Apple. Steve Jobs will be remembered with love.
Thanks for everything steve! you've invented the future for mankind! Rest in peace!
He was the epitome of courage and conviction.  Glad I lived in his time.
I am sorry to hear that. I still remembered the vibration of my mind after hearing your speech at Stanford university. I still remembered the excitement when I got my first iPad. I do believe your maxim:stay hungry,stay foolish. I will always miss you, The great inspiring mentor of human being. God Bless SJ and all my best to his family and friends.
I have always been a advocate of open source software, truth be known the move started with Steve being a pioneer in making the computer personal for everyone to enjoy. A hero will be truly missed by billions.
you dared to dream and make it happen. the world has lost today.
RIP Steve,   My condolences to the family.
I don't know what I can say......I feel sad...
Rest In Peace Steve and thanks for making my life better through so  many positive technological advances.  You made a real difference in the  way I communicate, listen to music and interact w/friends and family.   May God bless you this day and everyday.
The world is today without a doubt a much less interesting place to live. Goodbye Steve we all are going to miss you.
Our deepest condolences for all the Apple comunity. For all of us in Argentina, he was also and obviously an idol and a role model.
I'm sure thousands of emails and messages will flow for a long time, but  I just want to say that Steve Jobs inspired many of us to look towards  the world of technology and being practical.  Although many have been  skeptical about Apple and their journey, but I have been a true believer  of a visionary, Steve Jobs.  Now losing a loved one is not easy and I'm certain that the family is  hurt, but please understand that there are millions that look up to  Steve and envision him as the most important individual that has ever  stepped this world.  He will now rest in peace and his visions will live  on through all of those who he has mentored, inspired and touched in one  way or the other.  God Bless!
I am really sorry and I feel really bad about Steve's death. The world lost a genius, one of the greatest geniuses it has ever seen. It is a huge loss for mankind. Unfortunately, there are really few people like Steve, very intelligent and that use the intelligente for making the world better. Unfortunately, we will never see him again showing new apple products, "remaking" the way we see the world, technology, inventions... I really think Steve's death is one of the biggest losses mankind has seen in this century.
My sincere condolences to beloved friends and family! Thank you Steve, for being Steve God bless you!
Even though I never got the chance to personally meet him, and only knew him  based on what he was like during his infamous keynote sessions, I was always awe struck by the clarity with which he conveyed his visions to the world.  And it was more importantly his visions for this era of computing that truly fascinated me. The way he made the computer more human has had an astounding effect on the world as we know it today. People no longer are limited by how well their devices fit to their needs, and are able to be more productive, and at the same time more creative. It also brings deep inspiration and inventiveness to an area which only years ago was thought to have been at its peak abilities in that respect. All these fruits of his visions are what in part made me want to become an app developer for iOS. In this way, I am able to say that I got to be a part of this revolution in computing. Even though I'm just a small independent developer, I got to be a part of the humanization  of technology. And that is something I will never forget. Every time I see an iPhone, iPad, Mac, or even the name or logo of his legacy, Apple, I will find it hard to think back on what it was like before such things were in existence. And I think for all intents and purposes, it can be said that Steve will live on in Apple's philosophies and practices.
I just want to say to Steve 'Thank you' and 'Good bye'. When I was in Japan, back in 2000, I purchased my first computer which is an iMac. It was truly amazing and the greatest thing I have ever purchased. I will never forget when I turned on my iMac for the very first time in my room. Since then, I had so many great experiences with your products. I am so sad and you will be missed, Steve. RIP
Dear Laurene Jobs &amp; Family,   God Needs a App in and for the heaven and he wanted Steve to come to him today and to be in a better place to develop stuff for him.  My Deepest Condolences and my heart and prayers goes out to you and your family first and then to Apple Family.  Steve left us with a legacy and always will be remembered.  God Bless you all.
The world is made better because of you. You are in my house, my job, my bedroom and my purse. Thank you.
I remember when I purchased my first Mac.  I've never purchased anything but since.  I've always enjoyed Steve's presentations, and introductions of new products.  I hope Apple lives on, and so does our memories of Steve Jobs.
You've been made a positive tornado in the world, we'll surely miss you.
He changed the world, we lost a visionary. May he rest in peace.
My sincerest condolences go out to the family and friends of Steve Jobs who were privelged enough to know him personally or professionally. He is one of my major inspirations; a real visionary and dream merchant.  I am deeply saddened by this loss.
Steve you will be sorely missed, the world of technology is truly a lesser place without you.
"Apple has lost a visionary and creative genius, and the world has lost an amazing human being."     My Condolences
My heart and condolences goes out to the family and friends of Mr. Steve Jobs.  My very first computer was an Apple PowerPC in 1990, since then I've owned nothing but Apple products. I've never been more proud of owning a product thats has had and will continue to impact my life in more ways than imagined. Steve was one of the most influential human beings in my life, I can safely say in the WORLD, he will be missed greatly but never forgotten.
Surely a man who will be missed. Steve was more than a business man, but he was like a roll model and was a MAJOR inspiration to me. Since his iPhone key note in 2007, that's where I really started to find out who he was. He'll deeply be missed!
My very good friend, Steve Jobs, he passed today.  He was dear to me and has enriched my life in many ways.  I will miss him but.... He still lives in my home and continues to bring me the means to reach  out to be a seeker. never a follower... thanks to him.
Since I am greatly saddened as a customer, I can't even imagine how those of you close to Mr. Jobs personally must feel.  My thanks to his genius is enormous &amp; my thoughts are with all of you.
It is so true, World has lost an amazing individual. But I am sure his  presence will remain with all of us and he will be remembered as a great  mentor and an amazing friend for those of you who have had the privilege  of knowing and working with him and also as a great visionary and a tech  geek for all of us that have been given the gift of various apple  products. I guess he had to see the best iPhone launch yesterday before  his soul left his body.
I'm very sad. Is like a family member of my die.  steve we love you.
A letter to Steve. Thank you for all you have done for all of us. Your vision and your long nights away from your family and friends to bring us all into the light I thank you. I wish you well my friend and even though I did not  know you I feel like you are apart of my family. I have a emptyness in me right now that I just can't explain. I pray for you and your family and for all of us you left behind. I love you and gods speed. You will be missed!
Today we truly lost a great innovator and person. I don't have a iPhone, iPad, or iPod but I know of the brilliance it took for Mr. Jobs to create such world changing products. He is the quintessential American dream, from nothing to more than something truly amazing. We should be so lucky to have just known him and to learn from him. Learn that failure will not keep you down, hard work will take you places, and being something is beyond being rich. I can confidently say if we all live like Mr. Jobs, the world would be a better place. Thank you.
Dear Apple, The world has lost a brilliant person today with the passing of Steve Jobs...he will be missed but never forgotten...Thank you Apple Team for all your continued amazing work &amp; my deepest condolences...I am surrounded by Apple every day, thank you Steve &amp; Apple Team for your vision &amp; passion that changed the world for us!
Steve you could transform minds. Thank you for this..... We pray for you.
My prayers go out to the Jobs Family and I wish the best for them. I would like to thank Steve for what he did in his life for society and technology and i hope that his legacy will go on to influence more people in the future.
Right now, as I am saying good bye to you beloved friend of us all, I have in my hands and in my ears, those objects you shared with us to give our lives meaning.
It is with a heavy heart that I write these words, reflecting in the loss of one of the worlds modern genius.   Steve's vision and skills has enriched many lives, brought fun, entertainment and learning to a whole generation. He, and his company has no doubt made the world a far better place.   May he rest in peace, my thoughts are with his family and friends at this time.
Steve Jobs has changed my world forever. Without him, we would have   never arrived in this new generation.  May he rest in peace.
steve jobs is a visionary. he is  like a distant family member we have never met, but praise all the time.  his products have permeated our lives for as long as i can remember. he  will be missed, but never forgotten. may his family find comfort it  knowing his vision and legacy will live on.
Dear Steve,  I will never forget your great works eternally.  Thanks Jobs.
I started teaching 28 years ago and our first computer was a little  mac...it was the beginning of BIG things for education.  I am still  hooked with my iPhone iPad and iMac ever creating new and exciting  things for my students and staff!  Thanks for the insight and  innovation!
Rest in peace Genius! We will always be with you! Good luck wherever you are!
I was devastated to hear the news that my favorite tech visionary had  passed away.  I hoped it was just a rumor, but now I see that it is  true via Apple's homepage.  Steve, you were to the personal computing  experience what Nikola Tesla was to electricity: the genius that would  never settle for the "status" quo, who instead of improving bad ideas  would come up with new solutions.  The consumer technological landscape  was carved by the rivers of creativity and innovation brought by you and  the Apple family.  as a true "Apple-only" consumer and computer engineer  I can say that the world, and our field is a less beautiful place  without you.  My heart goes out to your family, and to the Apple family.  Deepest condolences and may you rest in blissful peace.
To the family, friends, and staff...you will be in our prayers!  Carry on his legacy!
In heaven "Stay hungry Stay foolish".
Steve Jobs showed that it is possible to do things right with  technology.  The things he created just seem right.
As one of a tons of people using Apple's products, I am deeply sad beyond any descriptions. You are the best innovative 'IT giant' all we have ever before in this fast-moving world. We've respected your philosophy of your life, accomplishments for IT world, and even your old-fashioned wearing!! ;)  As for right now, we realized we got the greatest loss in the world. But your inspiration would be everlasting for descendants to be another giants for the good future.  Jobs, you opened the every single door for bright, promising likelihood.  We will miss you as an overwhelming role model and a brave mankind with using Apple products.  May you rest in peace again. My condolence to your family.  We really loved you.
I wish Steve, he could be great happy when he closed his eyes in his last moment.I  am here in Korea, Many people get depressed because of you.Really wish that  Steve can be peaceful forever.
It breaks my heart to hear about his passing. It was his  products that inspired me to become a Computer Science student, so that  I could perhaps affect the world in the way that he did. Actually, not  even just his products, but his passion. Viewing his product reveals  every few months became an event to me, to watch him in blue jeans and a  black turtleneck, showing off his work with such pride, knowing that he  and his company was about to change the world. There were very few  people on this earth like Mr. Jobs, and he will be sorely missed.
Few individuals pass away and leave a legacy that includes fundamentally changing the world in the way we communicate, work, and live. Steve Jobs definitely leaves that legacy.
I inherited my first computer from my Father-in-Law and Apple 2e (I   hope thats right it was so  long ago 1984). Ever since I have loved   Apple and his work, stuck with the company through the bad times and   sailed with him and the company when he came back! He has given the   world a great gift, that machines are here to help us not hinder us!   Love you and my prayers to all you family and friends.
I'd like to express my deepest sympathy at the untimely passing of Steve Jobs, an outstanding artist and epoch-maker. Now I am remembering my happy Macintosh days.<div></div><div>"So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past." --Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby</div>
Our condolences to the Jobs family and Apple.  The world has lost a great innovator. He will be sadly missed!
I'm speechless.Really. Rest in peace Steve. I will remember you forever. A really close  parents of me had cancer. I know how terrible is. I love you.
Hi, I'm Brazilianand I justsay I'mafan ofAppleand SteveJobs.I'm proud tohave livedin the sameage of agenius.My condolencesto all of youfrom Apple.  Ahug to everyone. GoodbyeSteveJobs.
I'm glad that I could share the same lifetime with Steve Jobs. He definitely made the world better. I deeply hope that you guys can keep going on with his brilliant job.
I don't know Mr. Steve Jobs personally, but I will like to send my  condolences and my prays to his family and friends.
Thanks for the smiles that you put on our faces from all the products that you've helped create.
The world is a better place because of you and your achievements.  This is a tremendous blow to the human race.  God bless.
Steve Jobs:  I'm very sad that you died, but I'm even happier that you lived. I have my own computer, digital music player, and smartphone, and I can do things now I couldn't even imagine just 10 years ago. Thankfully, you did.  Peace and Respect
I remember every time that Steve did a presentation, how I sat in the  Apple store and didn't want to miss a word. As a former athlete turned journalist, Apple product has meant the world to me. Never will there be  another person to give us as a whole so much. Steve will always be what  Apple stands for - a life cut short but he gave us so much. Thank you.  Today is a sad day in the world. He was truly the icon of many  generations - the Beatles of life! Thanks for iTune, the iPad, iPad and  Mac!
Steve,  You will be missed by all who enjoyed your visions and your impact will be felt for years to come.   I never met you, but have admired your genius from a far and i am a devoted Apple fan and consumer of many products which i am sure that will continue for many years.   My condolences to your family and your Apple Family as a whole, we all mourn your passing.
I am so glad that I became a fan of Apple. Steve cared about the world and will be greatly missed
Dear Steve,  Thank you for all you have done, all the inventions and all the amazing devices! Your legend will live on forever through the hearts of millions. As a wise man once said, "I think if you do something and it turns out pretty good, then you should go do something else wonderful, not dwell on it for too long. Just figure out what’s next."  You are a spirit that will live on forever.  Thank You.
Steve was a visionary in the technological world and was an astonishing human being. We will never forget him.
Hello. I am a 14 year old from Texas. I sincerely express my condolences. I have learned so much from the late Mr. Jobs. His innovation and creativity have inspired me.  His life surely inspired so many people all over the world. “Every man dies - Not every man really lives.” Steve Jobs has lived a truly amazing life.
Steve was my role model. He led with a strong vision and he made that vision be known to the whole world through his hard work and quality of style. Its so sad to see him pass. Today is truly a sad day and I am taken back that it arrived so early. But now he is somewhere else working on his next project.  My blessings to his family, his Apple team, and his fans.
I remember when I went from having an mp3 player to my first iPod! I like many others have contributed, and evolved with the apple brand. The person who we must remember is Steve Jobbs, he is the visionary of Apple, and whenever I use my apple products I will always remember the man who made all of this possible. I know that Apple as a company will continue to evolve and contribute to our society! Thank you Steve for everything you have given us to date, and through your hard work and motivation will be possible in the future.
To whoever may read this,  I obviously never met Mr. Jobs, nor do I claim to know much about him. What I do know is how the devices he and the rest of the Apple team have created have made the way I communicate with my family much better. For that I can only thank you and express my heartfelt condolences for your loss. God bless.
I admired him greatly. I will pray for his family's healing during this difficult time.
I'm so sadden to here of the loss of Steve from the other side of the globe in Australia. Although I wasn't even born at the time Steve even created Apple I feel so much a part of his vision. As a college student there's no better mentor I could think of than Steve. As cheesy as it sounds whenever there was a press conference held to launch a new iPhone or iPad I felt that no matter what else was going on in the world, no matter how many wars and global financial crises present, there would always be people like Steve who with perseverance and unique creative genius could bring the world together with something as brilliant and practical as communication technology most people know today as Apple! Thank You Steve for giving us the privilege to experience this world with your genius creations. You will be sadly missed.
May the creator receive him with open arms close to him.  A truly a humble, intelligent, all outgiving magnificent human being, With his true care for better, he inspire the whole world to a better stage i n all aspect of live.  His memory will be perpetuated by what he has done, and everything was done f or the better of the human race, and not his. A true excellence in all senses.  We must thanks to God for let us had Steve Jobs for the time we had him, that was blessing!!!
乔布斯先生：          你好。感谢你创建了苹果，感谢你引领了世界电子市场的风潮，感谢你为这个世界说做的一切。现在你去了，你只不过需要好好地休息了。
As an old-school printer, Steve's vision changed my industry first,   and in that changed my life. I will forever be grateful that my   introduction into the digital world was with Apple in 1992. We lost a   true genius today.
I got into the Apple game relatively late. My gateway was an iPod Video  back in 2006. Since that critical purchase I've owned 4 iPods, 2  iPhones, 1 MacBook and an iPad. My respect for Apple and Steve Jobs grew  with every purchase. Every single product I've ever bought was near  perfect from the design, the software, even down to the packaging. Even  though Steve is gone I believe that what other's have written is true.  Apple is his greatest creation. I look forward to the future and what  Apple has in store for us.  Thank you, Steve Jobs. Your work has not only changed my life, but it  has changed the world we live in.
To Steve.  Im truly sad that we lost your magic touch. I'm thankful that you at one time recognized me and my associates work on the "Miss Spiders Tea Party" app, and chose it for the initial presentation of the iPad. That felt close even though we never met. I'm going to miss your spirit and I wish you all the best.  With all my heart Peter
I wanted to send my condolences to you and to Apple in mourning of the loss of such a great person as Steve Jobs. I have always admired your company, and hope to work for Apple in the future. I'm currently 18, and growing up with the innovation of Apple has made me feel like a part of the Apple family, watching all your keynotes from the age of 8 on. Steve will be missed and my heart goes out to all of you who have worked with him and whom he has been close with at Apple. God bless during this difficult time. Know your Apple family is with you!
R.I.P Steve.  Thank you for inspiring us.
To the Jobs family, I am so sorry for your loss. the world has lost a national treasure. More importantly, you have lost a husband, a father and a brother. Please know that my love and prayers are going out to you.
One of the most creative and innovative person to have ever lived. He is  the main reason I got so interested in technology and the possibilities  of it. I will truly miss his speeches and keynotes, He will forever be  in my memories as a great man who truly changed the world.  RIP Steve jobs.
May his soul rest in peace!!!! He changed the world and the way it looks. Mr. Jobs is a Da Vinci of new age.  We miss you!!!!!!
The world has lost a pioneer and gained a friend. Thanks to his revolutionary ideas, we can all reach out and touch each other, face to face, from Tahir Square to Hong Kong to our fingertips. It is the greatest change and chance to change and make the world as close as we are: soul to soul. Bless you Steve Jobs. You are our gift that keeps on giving.
So thankful to have had a person like Steve Jobs in this world.
Farewell, Steve Jobs. Thank you for bring apple and its wonderful product to us. Thank you for your great acheivements.  We will never forget you.  May you have a wonderful next life.
I can't imagine my life without the work of Steve. The joy I have from using my apple toys every day has filled my life with joy and laughter. I know his legacy will be carried on. This is sad news indeed, but I know his life's work will continue. My sincere condolences.
My deepest and sincere condolences to his family and friends. I don't know Steve Jobs personally, but I used Apple products that have amazed and thrilled me.  Two words to him - Thank you.  I believe he has done his purpose here on earth.
The day Steve died was my last day at apple retail. A coincidence mind you but it made it that much more real and impactful . I never met the man. I admired his innovation, imagination, belief in himself and others and most of all his passion. He loved what he did and strived to be the best at it. He will be sorely missed and remembered as a great man who is proof that if you believe in something and are willing to work hard for it you can go from a garage to the most admired company in the world. My heart goes out to his family and friends. I am sorry for your loss and wish you well.
Dear Steve,  Thank you for turning something that could have been a mere utility into a work of art.
I was totally shocked when I logged on to Apple.com to see that Mr. Jobs had  passed.  I want to pass on my condolences to his family and friends. I can' t say how much I admired his work.  Rest in peace Steve.
Mr. Jobs, thank you for all the great inventions. My generation has grown up with portable mp3 players (iPod), iTunes, touchscreen cell phones (iPhones), watching CGI animated movies like Toy Story, tablets (iPad) and most importantly having a personal computer at home. You were an imaginative innovator and at the same time one of the greatest business minds of our times. I'm 24 and you changed the way we all live life. The Edison, the Ford of our times. R.I.P.
I dont know why I feel such a pain in my heart, I never met you. But I have been buying your products since before they were "cool". I've stuck by my mac for the last 15 years and I still listen to my boxy 2nd gen iPod.    Your brilliance and innovation has forever changed us. I watched Apple grow over the last few years and thought, I knew they were special.  Its because of you Mr. Jobs. You will forever be missed.
My heart goes out to anyone affected by the loss of one of the greatest visionaries for the 21st Century.  Thank you for your contributions to mankind for having any moment of pure happiness in any of your Apple products.  I'm deeply saddened by your loss.  Life's too short on this small planet.
Your family will forever be remembered in my prayers..... thank you Mr. Jobs for all you have done to make my family forever secured financially.  Your hard work has helped all those that believed in you, your dream and vision.   Forever grateful.
I know you are not reading this, but I just wanted to let you know that  you made such an amazing difference in my life, and billions of others'.  You have empowered our lives with amazing technology and innovation that  only could come from Apple. You will be missed by millions. Thank you Apple!
thank you mr jobs for the innovation, the technology that changed mine  and everyones world, and for the  excitement and fervor that was the epitome of apple!!  People were and are enamored with you and your wonderful creations - both of which will never be forgotten and  now becomes a legacy and a legend. From this day forward, whenever i turn on any of my apple devices i will always think of You!!!
I'm only 15, I know many people might think I would be too young to understand what it means when a man such as Steve jobs dies (RIP) , but I understand very well and I wish to send my condolences and my respects to his family. I also wish his family would continue living a happy life because thanx to Mr Jobs I have had a fun and creative life thanks to his inventions and all the thought he put it into everything he had made and help create.
I am sorry to hear of Steve Job's death.  We are about the same age, and  I hope I can do something that will have the save positive effect his  life did.
Steve,  I'd only really become inspired by your work when I bought my first iPhone, the iPhone 4. Throughout the last year, I have grown to recognize your pure rilliance and undying dedication to making the world a simpler place.
The world has lost one of the greatest visionaries of all times. He inspired and changed the lives of billions of people, including myself. If there is one thing inside me, now that I know the news, it is deepest sadness. I hope that he stays forever in the minds of all of us, who will always remain stunned by his brilliant ideas.  Thank you for being who you were, and who you will remain being inside all of us.
Thank you for being you, I'll see you in the cloud!
Thank you Steve for having inspired me with your genius and your passion  for life and beauty. We will miss you, the power of your ideas will help us to be better  human beings.  You are amazing! Goodbye!
I have had Apple computers from the Lisa present.  What a company he  started, and all the great toys he made possible to all of us novice.  Thanks Steve.
The history of this great man has always been an inspiration to me since I started using computers.  There is only one thing I would say. Thank you Steve.
There are many people who accomplished their dreams, but rarely do people accomplish greatness.  Steve Jobs accomplished both.  I have very few people I look up to and Mr. Jobs is one of them.  Rest in Peace.
It is so sad the Steve Jobs died. I cannot believe that he rose the  company of Apple up to the highest company in America.  Almost all of  the technology in my house is from Apple. It is truly a brilliant and  helpful company that people worldwide benefit from. Thanks so much Steve  for all that you did and sacrificed for your company. RIP
Our condolences to Steve's loved ones.   His inspiration will live and breathe forever.
Rest in Peace Steve Jobs  Thank you for bringing such innovation, excellence and excitement to our lives and the lives of those who follow on after us. Our world would have been so different without you and the Apple team.Just this morning at 12.10am I met my daughter sitting at the top of the stairs, and she was booking in to a seminar using her ipod. No big deal?  This is a university student who seldom spends her money but finally decided to purchase an ipod - just last week and she is now enjoying the excitement of discovering all that an ipod has to offer. Thank you for making her life so much easier.
My condolences for the family of Steve Jobs   he was a great visionary, smart and a leader    and for you apple keep his name up work and create things from which he would be proud.    we will catch up later!
Thanks for helping me learn to celebrate excellence.
We have truly lost one of the world's greatest geniuses. I'm only 12  years old but because of Steve Jobs and all the hard work he's done,  it's made life a lot more enjoyable. My family lives for Apple. We own  an iPad 2, an iMac, 2 laptops, and about 5 iPods, thanks to you Steve. We will miss you dearly. My best regards to his close friends and family.
Steve's innovation not only changed industries, but changed my life as well. His products in the hands of small self employed people like myself, made us compete with corporations in the creative markets.  May God continue to give his family peace and strength during this time of loss. Thank you, Steve, for always seeing beyond the horizon.
I just found out that Steve passed away... I feel heartbroken at this  great loss... I've spent most of the Summer at my Apple store designing  a new website. If it wasn't for the graciousness of your company and how  you provide above and beyond service to your customers, the skills I am  learning wouldn't be happening.... Steve you changed countless lives by  what you brought to this world. I know you and your company have  certainly changed mine... Thank you, from the bottom of my heart for all  that you created, gave and accomplished and what now lives on because of  you....
I can assure you that many more Malaysian like me will miss the presence of Steve Jobs. Never seen the man in person, doesn't mean we can't recognize him. But just to watch men carrying iPhone all over the street of Kuala Lumpur really show how a man can influence the world. RIP Steve Jobs.
Thank you for giving us products that only you could ever thought of. More t han that thank you for being such an inspiration to alot of us. Your life story, your passion for apple and willingness to achieve greatness is unbeatable.
This man was a great example of what we all are capable of as human beings. I  hope to one day reach if not surpass this man's influence on modern day society. Rest in Peace Steve Jobs. You will live forever because you will not be forgotten!
Who was the one who I did not know, but I could see him all around me, streets, subway, airports, meetings, movie theaters, tv ads, he was not there but his ideas were,  Inspiring, blindly forward-thinker, taught the industry how to think, how to lead, how to be the first no matter what others said. Yes, he did not do it alone but he inspire others to follow him, sometimes in opposite directions. The world needs more Jobs, "Steves Jobs" to show us that there is no end to an idea, there will be many other ideas that will need to be created to solve our human being lives. Steve, wherever you are now, illuminate us who work on new ideas everyday and look for WOW solutions for our lives. Thank you for inspiring me all these years!
Peace and rest to a man who was a great role model and inspiration to many in and outside of the technical arena.  A visionary and man of great courage who will not be forgotten.  Go in peace.
Dear Steve, We love you all the time, all the ways.
I am so sorry to hear that Mr. Jobs passed away today.  Since the mid-80's, I can't think of a time when I did not own an Apple device.  Mr. Jobs knew what I needed before I knew I needed it.  I will miss his appearances at product launches because he explained to me how the product he was demonstrating could make me more productive (e.g., my iPad) or better yet how I could rediscover the joy of assets I already owned (e.g., my iPod Touch).  Mr. Jobs, I will miss your vision.  Rest in peace.
Steve has long been my idol. I own many Apple products and will continue to support Apple. Thank you for everything you have done for us Steve. RIP.
I was truly shocked upon hearing of Steve’s death! I could not believe that such a person had just departed so quietly. I always imagined he would have gone out in style but, i guess to some extent, he has gone in style, with Apple still going strong and all.  I have never known him personally but i extend my deepest condolences to his family, friends and co-workers.   Steve Jobs will always be remembered for his excellent work with technology and his memory and work will always live on.
I never knew Steve but I wish I did. It's not about the companies Steve created but the foundations he set  for the future. His dreams became reality and that's why I love Apple.
Hi Steve, I know you're in the after life and your looking above from the iCloud. I  literally teared up and cried because I know you were awesome. I always  imagined of meeting you but I knew it wouldn't happen since I'm in  Chicago. I can't believe your gone.  :(
I am his fan from China, and I am using iPhone which I bought in March, 2008. It remains perfect. My wife told me he passed away this morning, it is hard for me to take it. We are all encouraged by his fearless and creativity.
Thanks Steve Jobs for being such an eye opener and visionary person in your job. You were the best in what you did.
Steve,  Thanks for bringing us life, music, fun in a easy and cool way. I am sure that you'll  improve heaven a lot before we go. You're the man! You'll be missed.  Rest In Coolness.
Thank you Steve. Your life's work has broken the chains that had bound countless minds from realizing their creative dreams due to technical limitations. Your vision has made the world a better place.  Peace.
Good-bye to Steve Jobs... today the world has lost...  an inventor, a creator, an innovator, a humble human being, a role model, a person who has changed our lives... who has made life more enjoyable, more easy... more wonderful!! The world will be different without STEVE JOBS!!! We will all miss him!!
I recieved my first mac book pro and only mac in the end of the summer  of 2009. It was the best thing ever and still is. I use it almost  everyday and love it. I think and still think that Steve Jobs was the  greatest inventor ever and creates great things. I also have a I-pod  touch which is great too. Steve jobs will always be remembered as a great person and inventor.
The news shocked me today when I heard of the passing of Steve Jobs. Steve has made such a big influence on how we use technology today. I remember my dad had the very first Apple computer that was made. I really didn't know Steve personally but I know that he is in a better place right now. Hopefully he can even show the lord some of his useful technology!
While I wasn't an Apple user, I always deeply admired Steve Jobs for his ingenuity and entrepreneurship.  He raised the bar for all others aspiring to be successful in business and the pursuit of their dreams.  Quite simply, the world will be less without him.  My sincerest sympathies go out to Steve's family and friends in this time of grief.
Sincerely touched. The world has lost another genius, a true "renaissance man" of our times, who has gone much too early.
My public figure has passed away... I hope there are more people like Steve out there. The world is praying for you now...
I will pray for him and his family. He clearly has a great purpose on this earth and he clearly fufilled it. I am so so ever grateful!  Peace and  prayers
Thanks for your visionary way and to make it available to all of us. You will be remembered everyday, everyday. Rest in peace.
Steve changed the whole world with his great inventions; we Love u steve &amp; will alwayz.
I am really devastated after hearing the legend of the legends has died ...he will live long in many peoples hearts. A. true  businessman I admire him a lot..  my deep condolences
Dear Steve,  You are no longer with us but your time here on Earth was incredibly memorable. I just wanted to thank you personally for not only the great products you have provided but showing the incredible spirit that you possessed. I would have loved to have met you but never got the opportunity. I am a college student and I try to model myself after that great spirit that you displayed. It has showed me to shoot for the stars and never settle. I plan to attain my PhD eventually and will remember your words forever. My condolences to your family. May God be with you.
My heart is deeply hurted with this sad news. Mr Jobs will live forever throughout each fantastic invent developed by Apple.
Mr. Jobs, I'm a user of Apple living in Korea. After I purchased a product of Apple, I was impressed by a company named Apple  and innovation of a man Steve Jobs who was a CEO leading the company. But I knew today that you passed away.  I'm really sorrowful with it. Hope you rest in peace watching Apple leading today's society.
Sad news to hear the passing of Mr Jobs. I did not know him, though I did admire him. My prayers go out to his family and friends.
Quite simply, he made the world a better place.   For those who didn't know  him personally, Inspiring, empowering, entrepreneur, industrialist, philanthropist, environmentalist, visionary are just a few words describing this  gentleman.  My condolensces to Steve's family- both at home and around the world.
Steve was truly one of the most amazing human beings ever to live.  Our prayers are with Steve, his family and co-workers that had the privilege of knowing him and working with him in person.  I would have done anything to meet him in person.  God Bless you Steve.  You will never be forgotten.
The world has known few like you - da Vinci, Edison, and Jobs. Your contribution to mankind will live forever, and open the door for the next. Thank you.
Steve Jobs knew people. He knew how to learn about them, their dislikes and habits. He also knew how to identify things that people wanted (before they knew themselves). And most importantly, he knew how to teach people what they wanted and (eventually) needed. I've watched Steve's Stanford Commencement Address many times, and each time I come away with something new that I only hope to instill in my two young children some day. As I look at their faces and think about what challenges they will face in their worlds, I find comfort in three ideals:  the hunger to learn, the courage to explore and the risk in trying  - much like Steve wished for those graduates that sunny day in 2005.  May God bless Steve, his family and his friends at Apple.   Thank you.
Hemay not be with us anymore, but his legacy will never die.
My condolences go out to Steve's family. The vision to join art and  science into products that change the world was Steve's alone.
Hemos perdido a una gran persona, a un gran visionario... alguien  irreemplazable. Feliz descanso Jobs
Dear Representatives at Apple, I send my condolences to Apple over their loss. I've had my  Macbook and iPhone since 7th grade (I am a Junior in High School now),  and I must say that if I didn't have either, I would not have been as  productive as I am now! Steve really changed the world in many aspects,  and I feel that without him, the world wouldn't have been just the same.  Rest in Peace Steve, you shall not be forgotten.
I never met Steve but wished one day I would. Living a million miles away we think of you as our guide to the tech future, and admire your innovations. Millions will miss you and I know we will remember you each year. I know ill be telling my son about how I lived in the years Steve Jobs was around changing the world. May the angels be there for you and may god have a place in heaven for you. May god comfort your family through hard times and give them strength.
Apple folks,  Deaths rarely move me to tears, yet this death... so many of my passions have been made accessible because Steve Jobs chose to dream, create then share.   I think this is worth sheding a tear.  Forgive me, if I shed more than one.  I don't know if my world is better, but it is so much cooler!  Steve, thank you, godspeed and may your family, friends, co-workers and employees know the peace that only time can bring.   You thought differently and changed the world.
I want to send my condolences to Steve's family. He was an amazing person. His mark on this world, and modern culture as a whole, will be felt for a long time. His incredible passion and love for technology was an inspiration to  me personally. He was truly one of a kind. He will be missed very much
Like so many others I'm deeply saddened to hear of Steve's death. He has had  an immeasurable impact on the way I use technology - I'm writing this on my  iPhone, whilst watching a movie on my apple tv. I listen to music that I AirPlay to my apple tv from my iTunes on my iMac, iPhone or (god forbid) my pc . Steve jobs has directly influenced how I do things every day.
I cannot imagine the world without the innovations that Steve Jobs gave us. I  cannot imagine the world without his brilliant mind, but know that it is a greater world because of him and now a lesser world without him. My thoughts and prayers are with his family and friends. May they find some solace in our  deep appreciation of him and what he has given us.
You will always be remembered as one of americas greatest heroes. RIP Steve Jobs, you will be deeply missed.
Dear Steve,  Thanks for your contribution to our earth. People will remember you for ever.
Apple and the computer world would not be what it is today without the one in a lifetime genius of Steve Jobs.  I'm glad to have lived during his time.
Hello,  I'm from Brazil, and just wanna say that today is a very sad day to me,  Steven represent so much to the modern tech, to me he is the father of  so much great stuff! God help us all now! I hope Steven is in a better place and happy to see his work going on.
Hearing the news today has really saddened me, my heart goes out to all of those that met Steve, an opportunity I can only now leave to imagination. I was happy to have had the chance to work for Apple and received a group email  from Steve; the closest I was to get to the great man. He has touched the lives of more than he could ever realize. I wish his family all of the love a nd support possible and hope they are left in peace by the media to mourn th eir huge loss. Steve has been rewarded with his place in heaven and history. You will be missed Steve, by thousands of people you never knew existed. Enjoy your peaceful place.
I am an avid Apple fan and am so sad to hear the loss of Steve Jobs,   and even though I never met him I have always admired him and his   inventions...  I am sure you will have millions of people mourning his   demise all over the world.
I never needed to personally know Steve Jobs. I feel lucky to be alive when he was on this earth and have felt the creative genius Steve gave the world in my first experience with the Apple IIe. I've been with Apple ever since, from the IIc and a succession of products to our current MacBook Pro and iPad products. My next purchase will be the Job's inspired iPhone. His imprint is on the succession of products and companies throughout the years, including Pixar. He's made the world a better place in an infinite number of ways. To infinity and beyond, Steve.
Es una lastima una persona tan inspiradora como Steve Jobs y con tan grandes logros haiga muerto. Mis mas sinceros pésames para Apple Steve Jobs 1955-2011
Today is a sad day. I'm a Steve's great fan. It was a privilege to live in the same period that Steve Jobs and see with my own eyes the revolutions that he did. Probably these revolutions my children will study in school, but they will never fully understand, as far as I understood. And lived. RIP.
I've worked on Macs for the past twenty years, every day. I feel that Steve Jobs  has been behind me throughout my career, continually coming out with cooler,  sleeker, more user friendly computing devices for me! I never met Steve in  person, but I feel that I've lost a friend.
RIP Steve Jobs. Irrespective of one's view of Apple, or you, you changed the computer industry, indeed the world, forever. We thank you for your ingenuity, your dedication to your craft, and your willingness to take great risks to see your visions through. The world is a better place because of you and you will never be forgotten.
I am so grateful for the many ways that Steve Jobs improved the quality of my family's life.  We will never forget you.
Working for Apple Retail for a year I am deeply saddened by the loss of our founder and I know his dream will continue way beyond his time in this world.   Always.
Some people look to comic books or sports teams for their heroes. But  I looked to Steve Jobs, Rest In Peace Sir, here is to Thinking  Different.
Truly one a revolutionary entrepreneur. He will be sorely missed. Steve, this century was yours for the taking.
I wanted to pass my condolences to Apple and his family and also to his audience of millions of fans. Steve was an inspiration for me which has made me determined to start my own business. That was 4 weeks ago. Today I've registered my own company name and traiding and running a web design business here in Adelaide, Australia. R.I.P Steve! You're one of the legendary entrepreneurs!
My dear Apple friends;  From time to time one human being shapes the lives of the rest of use. Commonly they come from politics or religion...the social and cultural fabric of our lives. Not very often scientists and inventors shape the world. Typically it is done by what they create. A thing that determines the lives of others.   Although Steve Jobs shaped lives through his invention he shaped mine through communicating the essence of quality in the human world. These are the ideas that shaped me and are now part of my fabric as an individual. As an Apple Creative I learned to be concerned about humanity first, technology second. Products were simply tools to help solve the problems or better yet unleash the potential of us all. Perhaps no other creative genius enabled that more that the work Apple did...lead by Steve Jobs.  Edison's lightbulb and phonograph were startling and entertaining. They improved life but had limited impact on people's innate talents. Ford's automobile moved us from place to place. But the creations of Apple (Mr. Jobs) not only made our lives and ideas more moveable....they allowed an individual expression and freeing of creative energy that has never been before. We all owe a great debt to Steve Jobs. I know I personally do.  When I was in training in Cupertino I saw Steve on campus. Really a down-to-earth type of man. Yet he believed in big ideas and trusted his own. And he wanted us all to trust ours...to think different...to think for ourselves. That is a lesson the world needs now more than ever.  In that vein I plan to redouble my own efforts to...change the world.  So, continue to think and act big Apple friends. We have nothing to lose and everything to gain.  Thank you Steve!
RIP Steve Jobs, One of the most influential people of all time..  You will be greatly missed.  Deep condolences.
I'm only sixteen, and I have some Apple products. I really love the proposals, at first was an iPod, then I've had another, and I started to follow the company. Steve jobs, I knew who he was, and could not stop admiring him. He was a visionary, a creative.. and that is admirable. From Argentina, I can only say by being just one more client, that the news had shocked me. In this email I'm sending greetings to the acquaintances, and my appreciation on behalf of many. Today the world is a little less intelligent, because that is what he was. People like him need these words, although they are too weak. He is no more among us, but he is part of a better future. Today is the beginning of a new stage and it is yours, apple. Keep on.
RIP Steve Jobs, you will live on in our daily lives through every past, present *and future* Apple innovation...
My heart and mind have gone silent. Thank you Steve for changing the world; you are legendary...  From one of your millions of fans
Hi, 	I would like to offer my condolences to the family of the brilliant innovator, Steve Jobs. I'm sure his name will be remembered not only by his family and by the people who know him and work with him, but also by every business man, engineer, and innovator in the world. He is a role model for many; I know he's my role model.
Steve Jobs marked the world. Changed my day to day with his genius.  Steve Jobs, Your imprint cannot filled by anyone else. Thank you for  allowing us to take a peek into your mind through the works of iPod,  iPhone, and what I am currently typing on, my Macbookpro... You will be  missed
Steve, may you rest in Peace.  You are a creative genius and have changed all our lives for the better.  So, as a proud Apple products owner, I want the  join the millions of us throughout the world in thanking you.THANK YOU....
My heart felt condolences to Mr. Jobs' family.  He will be in my thoughts everyday. I live surrounded by his legacy.
My heart and thoughts go out to his family and friends. I have followed Apple for a long time. Apple is not just a brand. Apple is not just a software or a gadget. Apple is the glue that brought and will continue to bring people from all walks of life together. Steve Jobs is Apple and Apple will always be Steve Jobs.  While we lost a special human being we have gained a spirit of hope and love for all things. He will be missed.
He was the man, he was the reality and he will always be a legend.
It is rare to live among legends, but Steve Job was a real-time legend. His genius transformed our existence, and his legacy is incalculable. Our hearts and prayers go to Laurene, his children, and the Apple family.
A rare few of us may not have known his name until his resignation from Apple, even more do not know him personally, but almost everyone in this world has been affected by what he has done in his lifetime. The impact of his work and passion has been felt by millions all over the planet, and that feeling was definitely a good one. Mr Jobs has made an even greater and more heartfelt influence in our daily lives than most politicians ever will. He has done so much for us, and we will always remember him.  From myself and many more in Singapore, our deepest condolences are extended to his family and friends. His passing is also a great loss to the modern tech community; he is an irreplaceable genius.  May he rest in peace.
I can't believe this icon is gone. A true inspiration to all I have learned in my life. I am and always will be everything Apple - all the time. Hats off to you Steve - you changed the world in such a short time on this earth. Thank you for that.
Thanks Steve from Argentina. You've changed the world!
I will miss him forever. It feels like I lost part of me. He was my inspiration to invent. I will never forget !!!!!Steve Jobs!!!!!!!My friends made shirts that say We Miss U Steve Jobs!!!!!!!!!!! I will miss u forever !!!Steve Jobs!!!!
I am typing on a Mac, with one beside me as well. I have them in other  rooms and in the attic. Big and small, new and old. Thanks for providing  for those who think differently - even after everyone else seems to  agree. Beauty, design, engineering and flair. I am sad. Thank you. I pray for comfort for your family and that those you have inspired will  continue to innovate. My condolences and thanks.
Simply, thanks for making technology beautiful. The world is blessed to  have had visionaries like you who are able to see when other cannot.
I got to know Jobs from the book of The Presentation Secrets of Steve  Jobs, which is a kind of turning point of my life. I would not say that I  am creative, but Being Innovative became more and more visible in my life.  I feel so sad when I read the news. However, Jobs spirit will stay, which  will be a continuous support to me.
Steve Jobs lives on. Thank you Steve Jobs.
Steve and all at Apple,  Thank you for connecting me to all my family and friends so that I can enjoy  God's greatest gifts of life and love.
innovator, Visionary, Role Model
Steve, Your life was great, because you were so brave and never stop living  your dream. And the  world became so great because you were born. I will keep your words in mind forever and go live my dream.
Hi Steve You are the leader and best CEO in the world. You guide all of us how to live and demostrate how to live the best of our lives.  God be with you.
Thank-you Steve.  You leave this place better than when you found it.  Condolences to your family, friends, and the whole Apple community.
I have used Macs since I began using a computer. Apple has been part of  my daily life, my entire life. I wouldn't be the person I am with the  values and experiences I have without his incredible passion and vision  to change the world.  He's my personal hero and I am so saddened to hear he is no longer with  us and that I will never be able to spend two minutes with him. My  thoughts are with his family and will be constantly reminded of his  influence every day for the rest of my life.  Thank you. Thank you, Steve. You are missed.
I never knew Steve, but it is obvious how much of an impact he has made WORLDWIDE.  His vision of beautiful, functional technology has set the standards for modern technology that is used on a daily basis.  There are people all over the world carrying Steve's legend in their pocket right now, typing on his creations right now, watching TV through his products right now.  Apple/Mac would not be what it is today without Steve.  Technology would not be what it is now without Steve.  I'm sure those closest to him would not be who they are today without Steve.  It is always sad to lose somebody of such importance.  My condolences to those closest to Steve...
I was only 9 when I got my first iPhone. Now I'm 13. I knew everything about Steve Jobs, his life, his disease. He is a role model for me and thousands of other kids my age.  RIP Steve Jobs. You will be missed deeply.
iSad! my thoughts go out to his family and friends .. your work changed  the world may you rest in peace from my mac with love Awasha Kuwait!
As a musician, I hold Steve responsible for changing the music industry through the iPod and iTunes, allowing not only an effective, mobile distribution system, but along with the advances in home studio technology, a means by which independent musicians could find an audience for their efforts. The indie music world should be forever in Steve's debt as an artistic game changer.
Steve,  I wish we could have met.  You were one of my adult heroes for the past two decades.  Thank you for fighting the good fight.  Thank you for your vision.  You will be missed.  Peace to you and your loved ones.
Dear Mr Jobs,  Thank you for all you have done. Your vision and brilliance have changed the world forever. I remember back in the early 1980's when I first used an Apple Lisa computer. I thought to myself at the time in my early teenage years. This is going to change the world. And you did. Bravo! You will be missed but your legacy will live on and inspire new visionaries and bright minds to follow in your footsteps.  My condolences to your family. I recently lost my mother to pancreatic cancer and I understand what you and your family where going through.
Steve you were a great man. Who knows what the world would be like if  you were never here! You will be remembered as more than a man to me  always. Thank you again steve god speed!
I never knew Steve Jobs except as a figure in the news, but I've always been an Apple/Mac user since I computers first started showing up at school when I was small. Today, I work as a software developer, doing work that is so much more fun and fulfilling than I ever thought work could be, and if it weren't for my lifelong experiences using Apple products and, as a result, coming to expect that technology should be fun and accessible and intuitive and should really open up new worlds, I doubt I would be in the place I am now. Thank you Apple, and thank you Steve Jobs.
My condolences goes out to his family.  The world lost a great man and a genius.
Dear family and close friend of Steve: For me Steve was my hero, i wanted to be like him, he was such a genius he changed the way i see life cause he made apple bigger and gave apple prestige.  I hope Steve wherever he is, feels so proud of all the things that he did cause his death is great lost for everybody i know...this is another sad thank you for all the things and i know i'll never have the chance  RIP Steve Jobs My deepest condolences
You and your family are in my thoughts and prayers.  Thank you for being the genius you are!  Rest in Peace.
My first Apple computer was an Apple II serial # in the 4000s in the late '70s. Many II's, IIGS's, IIc's, IIe's, a plethora of Macs, both desktops and laptops for both work and home, an iPod, and this iPad2, have continued to accompany me each step into the future for over 30 years! May Steve's dream and legacy keep us company as the future continues to unfold!
It's not often that the passing away of a company founder and CEO saddens people who have never met him or worked for him,and inspires them to say something. But Steve Jobs changed our lives, opened up so many possibilities to a whole generation and to our children too.He made so many things easy and fun for us; enabled people to do things they ordinarily couldn't have achieved.Those of us who didn't know him will miss him too and will be forever thankful to him for his inspirations and gifts to us. My kids, here in Tokyo, went into school silently this morning - with a sense of sadness and loss. That says a lot for Mr Jobs.
Dear Apple Corporation  I just heard on the radio about the tragic loss of Steve Jobs and I wish the best for his family and friends.  He will hopefully be remembered by the people as a genuis and a technological innovator.  It was truly his vision that pushed on the apple corporation into what it is now known as one of the biggest software company's in the world.  May the man rest in peace.
I am sorry to see a great visionary leave us. He and the team at Apple  have made my life so much easier with the production of such great  product, Mac, Iphone, to name a few things. I pray that you guys  continue your commitment to producing great machinery and commit to  continuing to change the world.
To most of us, Steve was this cool guy who seemed to be a DaVinci genius taking us through doors glimpsing the future, while capturing the imagination of throngs of people.But more importantly he was a special person to those who loved him best.I'd like to extend my sincere condolences to his children, his wife, his entire family, and all those who knew him best.I lost my father two years ago and it's still hurts.This must be so hard for Steve's kidsbut they can be immensely proud of their father and have a warm, peaceful, feeling he did not leave this world with deep regrets or a sense of what could have been. His was a wonderful life.
Thank you to an amazing man,I just heard about Steve Jobs passing. So very sad. Thank you for your passion, ingenuity and commitment to quality. You'll be missed greatly.How many people have had such a positive impact on the lives of millions?The starts just got a  little brighter tonight but the world lost a driven and passionate man.I wish I could aptly communicate how much I appreciate his dedication.
Hello! I would like to share my condolences for Steve Jobs. He was a  great man, and a great inspiration to us all. In fact, I am typing this  from a Mac. I hope that Apple continues its rich and exciting ideas even  without the help of someone like him. Again, I am so sorry.
Steve Jobs was a visionary into the future. Today the world has lost this visionary. My condolences to Apple and all its employees on its untimely loss. And for Steve, he made his ping in the world.
Amazing person!  He will be so missed by all!!  RIP, Steve.
Thank you for being a true inspiration, an innovator, a risk-taker, and a dreamer. Your great vision and your belief in excellence will be carried forward. Farewell Steve.
I never knew the man, never dreamed of talking to him, but I owe him a lot! Steve, thanks for a GREAT phone, a fantastic laptop and one of the best jobs in the world!!
Your influence and legacy will continue forever, you are truly an example of  perseverance, courage and will.  You'll be surely missed but mostly remembered with a smile and lots of admiration.  Descansa en paz
You are and will always be remembered for bringing us to the next level of technology. My condolences goes to your family and friends and your legacy will  always be with us! Once again, thank you and see you soon.
Steve, thanks for making the world a better place to live!!  Go Apple!!
We are all using steve's product to spread the sad news of his death.  What a  genius.  What a loss to our world!
Thank you is a very simple basic response to a  kindness one does for you.  The magnitude of the contributions of Steve's talent,  genius, vision and  genuine desire to deliver the dreams of the future in the  here and now is a  testament to the legacy he leaves.     I personally learned how to use a computer on an  Apple II in 1996. I cannot  now or ever be  able to complete a list of all the things I am now able to do  because of  what Steve Jobs gave to mankind through his genius.      So from all of mankind, I am sure they would in the  over 150 languages  spoken in this world join me and say...Thank You.     To his family and colleagues, may his memory be a  blessing to you all  and may you only join again for happy occasions.
Dear everybody - Keep 'leading' Apple, from 'Think Different' to 'Think Unique'.  I will remember Jobs and support Apple forever.
There are no words to express the loss I feel right now. May his soul rest in peace and may god give his family and friends the strength to bear this loss.They are all very lucky to have known Steve personally. He touched our lives in more ways than one, with technology, with vision and with inspiration to go beyond the norms.
good bye steve you made me think different , i apreciate all what u gave to the world as human being and bussiness man, thanks for all
Spiritually that is! We love and miss you Steve! Wish this wasn't the end!!
Several weeks ago I told my children that I consider myself fortunate to have experienced both The Beatles and the vision of Steve Jobs &amp; Apple. They have brought me much happiness over the years.  I remain grateful.
The World is a much better place because you have lived in it.  Thank you for your leadership and vision.  My thoughts are with your family and friends tonight.
I just wanted to say that I give my condolences to Mr. Jobs' family and friends.  The world has indeed lost a creative genius and global visionary.  His memory and legacy will live on not only with his products but with the lives he's touched and inspired.  While the world has lost an icon we can find peace in the fact that it was changed for the better in the brief time he was able to influence it.
More than change the world, Steve Jobs has changed the life of people, this is much more important.Thank you Steve for change my life and make people happy. This changes the world.
We are very saddened by the death of Steve Jobs. He has been a visionary and a revolutionary man.  My condolences to his family and the Apple family.
Steve, Thank you for touching my life in ways you can't imagine. I was especially inspired by your fighting spirit to persist to create value despite your battle with cancer. I am also a 4th stage cancer patient and undergo the process of living but you inspired me to never settle and not be burdened with others' opinions. I wish you the best in your future journeys and till the next tryst with life, Stay Hungry, Stay Foolish...  With deepest appreciation.
Thanks for making this world a better place to live - R.I.P.
Steve, you changed the technology industry with not the most revolutionary, but evolutiionary devices in the history of man kind. I am extremely proud to have an Apple iPhone, and use the iMac and Macbook at school, and they are extremely evolutionary. I love Apple and all of its glorious products. and I hope one day to own every Apple product there is. I hope that you Steve get to look down from heaven at all of the Apple stores and watch people become amazed at the products Apple has to offer, and i wish while you do that you get to show  God how  to use the iMac, iPhone, iPod, iPad, and all of the other terrific products your amazing company has created for years. R.I.P Steve Jobs, Apple will always be great because of you!
He was a great man.
My deepest condolences to the Jobs family.  There are some people who although you haven't met personally touch you personally, for me Steve Jobs did that.  I thank him for the innovative products that he helped developed and the positive impact he's had on the world that we live today.
I'm so happy to have grown up in such a progressive technological era,  and have a true admiration for the world Steve Jobs opened all of us up  to. Cheers to you Steve Jobs. Rest In Peace.
I would just like to share how saddened I was to hear the unfortunate   news.  He didn't know me, but I felt I knew him through watching all   those Keynote presentations.  I have been a Mac fanatic for quite some   time now. Thank you Steve, rest in peace.
I want to wish my sincere condolences to Steve's family  and to all  employee of Apple.   May his spirit be in our minds forever.    R.I.P   Steve Jobs    thank you so much for all you've done, you made  computer life so much easier.
As far as I can tell, the legacy left by Steven Jobs to Apple - and to the rest of us - is that a company can thrive and even win not by being cheaper, faster, and simpler, but simply by being better.
You changed the world and made it a better place.  I will always remember you.  May you rest in peace and may your close friends and family have the strength to move on.
May his memory be for a blessing
Le monde vient de perdre un génie et un visionnaire, sincère condoléance.
Thank you for three decades of Inspiration. Thank you for see things differently. Thank you for being who you are.  Farewell.
Rest in peace one of the greatest minds of technology.... we're all   goin to mis you!!!
An amazing person who created amazing products. He lives on through the  genius of his creations.
Thank you Steve Jobs for revolutionizing the way I work and play.
Dear Steve, You were the symbol of America to me. You were a pioneer, and the figure of what every person can be, with a dream.  You created the greatest company on earth, and we are great because of you.  You will truly be missed, and Apple will live on in your memory. Rest in peace Steve.
Steve Jobs: What a visionary.  The world is such a better place because of Steve.   He will be missed by the entire world! Rest in peace.
Lots thanks to you and your team. World is a better place because there are people who are looking for new and stunning products, like you. Farewell, steve. We'll always remember you and the one more thing.
I just don't know what to say.  Words can't do justice to the accomplishments and change brought about by just one man, who regrettably and unfortunately died in his prime.  I only wish Steve can continue seeing the impact he has made, and the thriving of the company he has built. He envisioned a dream, and lived that dream as a true, sincere person.  As a CEO who was ousted from his own company, Steve picked himself up and continued taking steps forward.  As a returned veteran to a dream he calls home, he passionately revitalized a losing company with renewed vigour.  His accomplishments are his legacy, and his passion and attitude are our inspiration.  As much as I respect his achievements, it's his attitude, and genuine passion to live his life doing what he WANTS to do that I truly admire.
A life changing man, who will be remembered for generations to come. I would not be who I am today without his inspiration.
We are heartbroken to hear this news, and simply wanted to express our  deepest condolences.
Thanks steve for all you have done for my life and others as well. because of your vision, i can talk and see the woman i love the most just with the touch of an icon. I think you were an icon, a worldwide icon!  Many many thanks and god bless you.
He put a heart on the technology world making logical to have a "personal computer".   Thanks dreamer Steve! Angels receive and give you peace.
I can't believe it is true, I have been using Apple products since the IIci and have built my current business model from the entrepreneurship that I learned from Steve Jobs. My condolences go out to the entire Jobs family. My thoughts and prayers are with you during this incredible difficult time. Steve will live on in the hearts of all Apple (Macintosh) fans forever!
We will never forget you Steve, go in peace.
Today we lost a creative genius mastermind in Steve Jobs, his kind of  brilliance is not so easy to find.  He changed the world we all live in today and  for that I am thankful.  Sweet dreams Steve.
Steve was an amazing person, a master innovator, and the greatest thinker in the entire technology industry. He wanted simplicity, he made simplicity. He was focused on making sure everything Apple made was perfect. He has done so much for the world, and his legacy will live on for years to come. I'm sure Steve had many more products and theories in mind. It is terribly saddening that his life ended so early. He could have done so many more things, if only given the time.  Rest In Peace, Steve. You will never be forgotten.
I am very sad that he has passed away, he changed the world in many ways. I wish the best for his family and hope apple continues to do what they do best create amazing products.
VERY SAD DAY FOR HUMAN KIND.
I remember waiting in anticipation for the Macworld Keynote of years  past just to watch how smooth, strong and cool the keynote presentation  would be. I value Steve's ability as a communicator.  Thanks and prayers  for the family.
Steve, you made a difference around the world. You made technology fun and easy and amazing. The terms Computer Geek and Nerd no longer have the same connotation because of you. I met my husband at a Mac User Group decades ago and my world is filled with products from your mind. You have had an impact on my life and you will be missed. Sorry this day has come so soon. Thank you for all of your contributions and your inspiration.
Thank you Steve, we will remember you forever!
He was amazing to me even before I learned about him when I only knew of  him as the Creator of Apple Inc. Starting Apple as well as  an other  computer/technology company as well as taking hold of Pixar is an  amazing set of feats.  The world really has lost an amazing human being, and Apple really has  lost a visionary and creative genius with true depth of vision.  May he rest in peace.
My life has been profoundly impacted by Steve Jobs and Apple. I went back to school in 1981 at the age of 38 and the first computer I worked on was an Apple IIe. I've owned nothing but Apples ever since and have done my damndest to influence my family and friends toward Apple. The man was an imaginative genius and I feel like American has lost one of the great artists of the 20th and 21st Century.
i got one of yours in my hand. iProud. iThanks. rest in peace, Steve Jobs.
This is such a shocking moment. I cannot believe the person who changed  technology has passed away. It's a very shocking moment for many around  the world.
Steve RIP. Thank you for having shaped one of the greatest companies  ever existed and for having given life to an easy way to communicate and  to be connected with the entire world.
Dear Apple,  You have lost someone truly exceptional today. Words cannot express the impact Steve has had on this planet. We should hope that his legacy lives on in the Apple brand, and in the people who follow in his footsteps. He represents true success, as well as a model of what people should become.  May he rest in peace.
I’ll always be my source of inspiration. Thank You, Steve Jobs.
What can I say that has not already been said about Steve Jobs.  I have been in the Computer industry since the 1980's and until about 5  years ago have always been a PC guy.  After watching one of the product  announcements, I decided to try a MacBook Pro.  Wow! I wish I had seen  the value earlier.  Steve obviously saw the future in technology and  what people wanted from technology long before anyone else and had a  passion unlike anyone in this modern day for bringing innovative   products into the market place.  I would place him along side Thomas Edison and Alexander Graham Bell as  a "visionary inventor" that blessed all mankind with his creativity,  passion, vision and drive for perfection.  He will be missed by us all for ever.  May God bless his family, friends and all those close to him.
The most amazing worldwide respected CEO of his generation. A pioneer in design, marketing, tech and leadership. Your Apple legacy on this small planet will live on for generations. Rest In Peace Steve Jobs.
Thank you Steve Jobs for making technology fun for everyone! You will be forever missed and never forgotten.  God's speed.
I am truly saddened by Steve's death. I really can't describe this loss in human words. Steve will always be remembered and will live, in thoughts that transform human life,  inspiration for new ideas, ideas that take us beyond imagination and human being, for countless light years to come.
Our deepest Sympathy to Steve Jobs family, friends co-workers at Apple....he was a pillar of strength, motivation and influence for all .....he will never be forgotten and his spirit will live on in Apple and in the hearts of all who knew Steve.  My deepest sympathy.
As a web developer in his 40's I cannot thank Steve Jobs enough for all  that he has done for my life.  I don't even know where to start.  If  those of us who are left behind are able to focus and harness our own  visions like Steve did for us.
I cried, I haven't spoken since. The man inspired me so much. May his great soul rest in peace. We love you Steve.
Estoy tipeando esto en mi Macbook Air...aún sin salir de mi asombro por tu  muerte...  Gracias a tu vision y al esfuerzo de quienes inspiraste por crear cosas  tan buenas.  Que Dios vea que gracias a tus ideas, dejaste un mundo mejor del que  encontraste.  Un abrazo a toda la comunidad MAC.
I am so sad about Steve Jobs death, he was my inspiration, someone who I wish I could be like.
Mr. Jobs, God be with you in this new voyage, you will be rememberer by all apple lover like me, rest in peace and thank you for shining the world with your inteligence and criations, you will be always in the head and thehart of all apple family, because this is what you did, create a bigunited global family. be with god, thank you.
If the mankind needs to describe Steve's life in just one line, I think that  we'll need just a couple of words: "Think Different"
After using your masterpiece iPhone4 and iPad, my life has been transformed in every respect. In your designed mobile world, I felt inexplicable impression and movement in my heart - you made me happy when identifying information,  reading article &amp; book, listening music and watching motion picture.  Jobs, I could activate fully myself in your beautifully-built-in mobile ecosystem, I never forget your endeavor and philosophy. You showed us what we prepare something for a customer.  Thanks Jobs for making me happy.
You will always be the most creative person in the world R.I.P prayers go out to the family
Even my 10 yr old cried.
I was fresh out of college and excited about the face of the future.  Steve was a visionary with an inspiration that changed my carrier from accounting to computers. Apple addressed all that I was interested in for my home computer needs.  It  made life with a computer at home so easy and intuitive. Thank you so much delivering on the promise of computers for everyone.  You will be remembered through the ages with the likes of Ford, Edison, Jefferson, Disney and even the Beatles.
Dear Jobs,  Smile, though your heart is aching Smile, even though it's breaking When there are clouds in the sky You'll get by...  If you smile with your fear and sorrow Smile and maybe tomorrow You'll find that life is still worthwhile if you'll just...  Light up your face with gladness Hide every trace of sadness Although a tear may be ever so near That's the time you must keep on trying  Smile, what's the use of crying You'll find that life is still worthwhile If you'll just...  Smile, though your heart is aching Smile, even though it's breaking When there are clouds in the sky You'll get by...  Bye..
Remembering Steve Jobs,  I would just like to say even though I did not get a chance to meet him,  he was truly a genius. I love Apple products and they would have never  become what they are today without him. My deepest sympathies in this hard time.  Rest In Peace, Steve Jobs
We are so sorry to hear of Steve's passing. He literally changed the way the entire world sees technology!  A trendsetter with a sharp mind to say the least, he will be greatly missed but his legacy will always live on through us and future generations. Rest in peace.
Steve didn't change my life. He changed the way i'm living it, by  shaping the way i'm interacting everyday with technology, and the  philosophy surrounding this relation. And also by proving that thinking  out of the box is the only way to touch people. Thanks Stevie. See you  there.
Thank you Steve for your incredible contribution to modern society.  It  is hard to imagine the world we live in without the many elements that  your creativity and vision have helped shaped.  You will be forever  remembered as a man with a clear vision of the future.
Dear Steve,  I just started using Apple for few years but then I realized that it's the best and I'm addicted to Apple products. I really love you Steve and regret to hear that we lost you. Rest in peace.
Ever since I was a young designer some 30 years ago, Steve Jobs  redefined the possibilities of what we could achieve. His vision and gift for understanding how we as can exceed the human  boundaries and achieve was astounding to me. His clear prescient eye on the future denied any explanation.  Steve was a cultural icon in my life that was a constant inspiration and  source of hope. In pursuit of extremely humanistic approaches to technology, he  redefined for me the very way I thought about concept and design. And what it means to be human.  To be without his presence in our world is to have lost a man of near  mythical character, who's only challenge left unbeaten was our inherent  mortality.  I will feel this hole in my heart &amp; soul for some time, for a world  without Steve is ultimately less human.
Some words from my hearth. I'll will miss you. So much. You have taught me what really the Design is. I will never forget you. YOU WILL NEVER WALK ALONE. &lt;3 Rest in Peace.
I have lighted candle tonight by my iPhone, MacbookPro and iMac. As a graphic designer and web developer, Steve Jobs changed my life. I couldn't do what I do and I couldn't pursue my journey without his genius vision. He gave me all the tools I need to fulfill my mission. Can't thank him enough what he has done for the world. Thank You, Steve!!
Thanks Steve!  You changed the world! Now the world will not be the same. You're the greatest man in history. We will remember you forever!
Dear Mr. Jobs,  Maya Angelou once said, "I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel." I'd like to establish the fact that I am thankful, blessed, and grateful to be able to have the gift that you have worked so hard to create for us. It's been absolutely my pleasure to be able to live during the Golden Era of the Apple franchise. May you rest in peace.
I just want to say: "Thank you" for your amazing contribution to this technological world. Youv'e inspired me to become a better person  Sending my thoughts to your family and friends.
I was speechles. I just entered the internet and the first thing I saw was Steve's picture and dates...God bless him...what a loss, I hope his legacy continues through his Apple teammates and new generation...thank you Steve for your vision, imagination and dreams...you are a great example of what human potential is capable of and the power of creation...
I will pray for you and your family during this incredible time of loss to the world.  You are a genius in every sense of the word, and your vision and passion has inspired a generation.
Our biggest condolences to him wife and children's. Steve Jobs will be in the world mind forever.
My sympathy to Steve's friends &amp; family.  No way for me to know Steve the man, I've just marveled and bought many, many Apple products over the years. I do know my tech world will never be the same.   Thanks Steve, it was a wild ride.   RIP.
Steve Jobs had changed the world and he will never ever be forgotten R.I.P. Steve Jobs.
My father introduced our family to Apple in 1980, and it was love at first sight for my dad, and for me. To this day, Frogger is my favorite computer game, and I can't imagine my office without a Mac computer (2, actually). It also contains an ipad, an ipod nano, an ipod touch, and an iphone; thanks to Mr. Jobs, I have been hooked on Apple since 1980. Steve's vision, brilliance &amp; hard work changed the world for the good, and it will never be the same without him. It's hard to imagine the creative world without Steve Jobs in it, but the show will go on, and his effect on it will always remain.  R.I.P. Steve Jobs; blessings to your family &amp; the company you leave behind. We will miss you:(.
Thank you Steve,    for creating all the great Macs I’ve been working with for the last 22   years. Thanks for all the innovative ideas that made work easy fun instead of   hard work. Thanks for never giving up in hard times. Thanks for teaching me, that everything is possible, if you love what   you do .
The ease of operating a Mac, and the philosophy of Steve Jobs and Apple, has made a believer out of me.  He was born the same year as me, but he was light years ahead.  Thank you Steve.
You have changed the way we live, work and play and have opened our eyes to an era of gadgets that I could only dream of when I was a kid.  Thank you.
We have lost one of the greatest visionaries of the world...   Truly a  legend for the ages who changed the world in the same way as Thomas  Edison, Henry Ford and others.
I am sad today, but happy for all that you have brought to the world.
Dear Steve,   You were an inspiration to an entire generation of kids and entrepreneurs. I'm having trouble putting the sadness I'm feeling upon your loss, to words. May the world produce more sons like you to fill the void that's now left by your absence. The 'dent' that you've left on the universe will be forever felt by the future generations. May we continue in your footsteps and innovate, and make the world a better place.  Rest in peace.
Mr Jobs was not only a man, not only a husband but he was a gift.   A genius who took an almost bankrupt company to the heavens and now god will shine on all his children--all Apple users.   Steve you are a fighter, you fought to hard and now it is time to rest.    Sleep good Steve because the world sheds it tears for you.
Steve,  Thank you Steve for changing my life with amazing products, making my  life easier and most of all fun.  You changed how we listen to music,  make phone calls, communicate with each other, and access information.   You made life interesting and fun and gave us what we wanted.  You are a  brilliant man.  You will live on in our thoughts and prayers and we will never forget  you.  God Bless
I can't believe it.  I just logged in and saw Steve Jobs' picture and   the date on the Apple home page.  I was confused at first because I   hadn't heard anything on the news.  Then I clicked on the picture and   I am saddened to learn of his passing.  I love my Apple products and I   will miss Mr. Jobs and his amazing inventions of the future.
Steve Jobs changed the world.  R.I.P Steve Jobs.
Someone who has changed how we think and our world. Someone so special will never be forgotten.
Dear Steve, I will remember you forever and thank you for your contributions to mankind. The mold is broken, there was only one Steve Jobs, a visionary, a great man. Rest in peace brother!
The man Steve Jobs was such a technical guru and innovator, but at the same time evolving many industries and cementing  his place in society! My condolences to his family and all the Apple family that he led to a level  and standard of greatness, thus leaving a legacy for the world!
I'm only 13, but I considered Steve a role model and I hope he rests in  peace.  He was the smartest and most innovative man the world has ever  seen.  He may be gone, but his ideas and products will remain in the  world forever.
Steve: I can't believe you died, I'm shocked. May you rest in peace. My  thoughts go to your family and friends. You will be missed!
Dear Steve Jobs,  I wanted to thank you for helping us realize what we can do, as people, that we are limitless to our visions. You've achieved what no one has done before, leading a company not by greed, but by visions. And so I, wholeheartedly, thank you for the amazing products, and all of your dreams that has unlocked the portal to the future.  The digital age revolution has begun... but not without you, Steve Jobs.
I cannot think about loosing such an inventor. Mr.  Jobs has given so many young people, like myself a role model to look up  to. In his remembrance just as a thought, Apple could launch an iJob or  an iSteve in remembrance of the visionary genius that created the  MacGeneration. The iJob or iSteve could be the next iPad or iPhone,  please Apple, create something amazing as you always do, but name it  after your inventor, our role model, Steve Jobs.  Please do not dwell on the sadness of this day, instead think of all of  the magic he has given to my generation. He has created something  amazing, indescribable, a generation where we get it, where we want to  invent, to explore, he is us, he is our forefather of the MacGeneration.
Steve will be forever remembered. Thank you Steve and apple!
What an incredible loss!
You inspired many of us! RIP
A true visionary. The world is a better place because of you. Thank you Steve Jobs, rest in peace.
As a fan of Apple since the very beginning, someone who talks and promotes Apple products to friends and family members and virtually anyone who listens, as someone who listens to every keynote and then watches it again, I have come to admire the man in a way that is most uncommon. That someone could run such a huge company, and run it so well, and not only take Apple to new ideas and places through it's products, but the world and the culture along for the  ride, leaves me awestruck when I stop to think of it. In his own simple and exceptional way, he was a great man. And I will miss seeing him.
More than one product we use the result of the dedication, concepts and ideas that fans regard as Uncle Steve, not only will the entrepreneur, visionary, but an idol, which showed that a genius does not need a degree but of dedication and by whether the place of his audience. Apple is not just a brand, but is a little Steve that was delivered to each of us. The body will, but it is a myth.
Dear Steve, You are the legend. I loved seeing you giving presentations. It is just  so inspiring, not only the IT stuff, but also your persistence and hard  work. You have changed my life. Thanks  RIP Steve. Will always remember you.
All he wanted to do was innovate. All he wanted to do was blow people  away by showing them what humanity could accomplish. He never looked  back. He was never ashamed. He constantly looked forward. All he wanted  to do was to put a ding in the Universe. He did it. I'm only 16, but I  can assure you that he would want us to continue to look forward. He'd  want us to start building the next big thing tomorrow. Always, Tomorrow.
for all he did, for his vision. He will be missed and always remembered.  A very sad day.
To the Jobs, and Apple families,  Today I was deeply saddened by the news that Steve Jobs had passed away. I never met Steve but he was, and will always be an important part of my life. I supported a family and raised four children working as an artist in front of my Mac. Over the years I have kept my cherished family photos with iPhoto, wrote love songs with GarageBand, captured precious moments in time with iMovie, and listened to countless hours of inspiring music with iTunes. And now that my children have grown and make their way in the world, I wish them well, and tell them how much I love them via text on my iPhone. Without Steve's vision none of this would have been possible, and for that I am eternally grateful. To a man who has given me so much over the years I have one word, iPeace.  My heartfelt condolences to Steve's immediate and extended families.
My deepest condolences to his family!  (I know first hand how cancer affects those you love.)  We will never forget Steve Jobs, his spirit and vision!  As said so perfectly,  "…and his spirit will forever be the foundation of Apple."   Thank you, Steve, you will be missed!
Steve, you always be my inspiration . . .  You go so fast, the world need you . . .  But eveything is beautiful in His time . . .  Good bye, Steve Job
Steve was my idol, I don't know what I can do without him.
Bye bye Steve Jobs. Thank You for all.
May his soul rest in peace. my heart goes out to his family and close friends. Not only was he a genius, but touched everyone of our lives by what he knew to do best make technological gadgets in which have changed our lives .
My sincerest condolences to the family, friends, and colleagues who knew Steve Jobs. His brilliance will be missed. a very sad day for the world.
"The people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are  the ones that do."  Goodbye, Steve.  The world will miss you.
Thanks for everything you've shared with us, We will miss you STEVE JOBS.
I was born into a generation that could not have dared to Einstein, Freud, Da Vinci, Newton, Galileo, Darwin, among others, is proud to say that I saw and experienced the era of agreat genius. Steve Jobs leaves gallery "talented men who changed history" to become a myth. Thank you for the honor of being proud of my time.  A bitten apple will never have the same meaning.
To Whom It May Concern,  I just turned on my computer and it went to Apple Page, I had to take a double  take to see if what I was reading was actually true. While I never knew Steve, I  would say that I felt like I did, I have been a Apple, customer, ever since the  Apple was all in a cube. I am so sorry that this has happened as he was such a  great ambassador for who he was and the product he built,   to say he did a  great job would be a understatement, he was and always will be a inventor, and a  genus in what Apple has become today.  Take for example the First Iphone, and the Ipad,  even when a lot of hard  working people at Apple had a lot to do with it, It would of never been what it  was without Steve and the amazing job, that he did at the press conference his  word, his body language his demonstration, and the love for those new innovation  was heartfelt, I believe that beside the new Apple store, popping out in every  city, this name and product will hopefully continue to be what it is and what it  was, I am sorry that such a great person that I never met has left all of us.   "Steve you were and always will be a huge role model for anyone that believe in  there company and product."
God bless him and may he rest in peace.
He was by far the greatist inspiration for business.  We should all Listen and Learn from him.
I have only Steve and the Apple team to thank for so many wonderful products.I have had an Ipod for most of my life! My condolences for his family and friends. A visionary is gone, but through him ideas will be born anew.   Godspeed Steve. Rest in Peace.
Thank you for everything!!
We will miss you...the world is a little less bright today with the news  of your death.  You have revolutionized the world for better. Rest in  Peace and may God Bless you and your family always.
The IPhone changed my life.
I have been an Apple fan since 1984. Watching Steve's rise, fall and greater rise was wondrous. Even Steve's failures were simply too far ahead of their time. His attention to detail, elegance, quality and the aesthetic have been greatly appreciated.  It is with great sadness and grief that we mark Steve's passing. I offer my sincere condolences to Steve's family and friends.  The world has lost a visionary genius.
Steve, If every CEO had your talent, drive and vision, we would be a thriving  country right now. We need more Steve Jobses to bring this country back.  So sad to lose  him. Apple will thrive forever, for it was born from this genius...Steve has laid the foundation.... Apple has only begun to touch the  lives of the world. 1 of a trillion fans!
RIP Steve Jobs. Thank you for all the formidable things you gave me, from my  first Apple II computer to the iPad 2 that I am using to write this message ... And thank you for everything else that is still to come and that will make me wonder "how did I ever live without this?"  GENIUSES LEAVE LEGACIES THAT CHANGE OUR EVERYDAY LIVES AND THAT IS EXACTLY WHAT YOU DID!  Thank you
The word "genius" is inadequate to describe Mr. Jobs.  I am sorry for us.  We needed his vision.
I will always remember Steve, everytime I look at my iPhone. God bless his soul.
Steve will be remembered beside Einstein, Pasteur and Newton. The world is moving toward his creations. I am very sorry for your loss.
So sad to say goodbye to someone who has changed our lives so much.  I   first came to know Apple products as a school teacher, and purchased   my first home computer when the iMac was introduced.  With each new   Apple product, Steve Jobs made the world more accessible, more   fascinating, and full of creative possibilities for all of us. His   unique vision and drive made us want to know more not only about his   products, but about him as well.   One can only wonder what more he   had in store for us had he lived longer.  A light goes out tonight, but it's glow remains with us and will for   years to come.
Since I was a kid in awe of my Apple products, I dreamed of the day I would meet the genies behind it all. I was a great admirer for your passion for hard work and creativity. In many ways, you have forever changed the world for the better. Rest In Peace Steve Jobs. Minds like you don't come often.
I send my condolences to his family . Stay strong stay focused and remember him as an innovator that changed how we use computers! I remember when the iPod came to the market. It changed the world, music, everything it was a ground breaker! The Apple family and Steve continued to change how to we use computers even until his last day! May god rest his soul and he'll always be remembered ! R.I.P MR APPLE (steve jobs).
Steve Jobs - a legend in his own time. Rest in peace, as the world will only be better by your very existence and your visionary implementation. The world has truly lost a great member.
I felt doubts about leaving PC utilities  and jump into Mac. Your speech at Stanford University was definitive, even it is not  related with hardware or software decision, it was the reason why I join Apple  world.  I'm feeling so sad to see you leaving. I want to believe that I knew you  through Apple products. My condolences to your family and all the people that loves you.
Steve Jobs is a name that needs no explanation. He is one of few in which people hear his name and already know what to expect. He was an amazing person. And as an Apple employee I am grateful for what he has done.
I remember the Think Different posters! We decorated all of our school's  computer labs with them. I think we need one now with Steve and Woz on  it.  I'd also like to thank Steve for coming back to Apple. The day his  return was announced, I bought stock. I couldn't afford much, but that  stock put my youngest daughter through her four years of college. I  still have nine shares left. Steve's vision and his ability to enable other people's visions changed  the world. Thanks, Steve.
His genius, contribution, and vision transformed the way my family uses technology to live a more efficient lifestyle. I am glad to say that I lived in the time of the most inspiring 21st century visionary to date. His legacy will stand the test of time. Thank you and God bless.    Yours,    A very saddened iPhone, iPad, MacBook, &amp; iMac user
So very sorry to hear he's gone. A very important man who revolutionized  the digital world.  Our  deepest condolences to his family.  He will be  missed but he is in a better place, and in peace.
I truly believe that Apple has changed the way technology is used in the world as we know it, and I think that a lot of the sweat and grit that went into that from the beginning was Steve's. Thank you all for making Apple what it is today, and thank you Steve for pushing the company to break-out from the limits. I speak for the entire world when I say that we'll miss you.
Dear Apple Team, Steve Jobs' Family, Friends and Co-Workers,  I was so upset to hear that the creative genius had died. He was the Einstein of our time, inventing all new things, from iPods, to iPads, to Macs, he was just an amazing individual. I would like to send my deepest condolences to his family, friends, and co-workers, and I would like to say, Steve Jobs was a fantastic man.  Thank you
Jus wanna send my condolences to Apple and the Jobs family for their loss. Steve was my role model and I'll miss him.
Thank you for everything you have done for the world. You created the first interface that showed icons in the world. Without that, the world wouldn't be the same. Without you the world wouldn't be the same. Thank you for all the inventions you have created. You weren't just a great inventor, you were a great person. R.I.P Steve Jobs.... My heart goes out to your family and friends and you!!
He shaped and influenced much of my perception of what living in our time came to mean; he defined what what corporate America should strive for. I will miss him greatly.
RIP Steve  You invented the future as we know it.  Things will never be the same.  Thanks for sharing your vision with us.
My first apple product was an ipod video I purchased (and still use) in  2006. Steve's innovative spirit and passion for excellence kept me  coming back for more. My prayers today are for his family and those  close to him. Thanks Steve, my life is much better because of you. You  will be missed!
Words cannot express the magnitude of this loss. My prayers and  condolences go out to his family, friends and co-workers. The world has  indeed lost a remarkable human being.
I'm so sorry for your loss, Steve was a great man and he will be truly missed!
Thank you Steve for everything you have done in Apple. Thank you for the passion and ideas you had and for all your hard work. We lost a genius who made himself and changed the world with his ideas.  we will always miss you.
Mr. Jobs changed the way I looked at technology, he opened my eyes to what could be. Thanks Steve, you changed the world.
I am an Apple fan, and once an employee at Apple retail. Working at Apple was one of the greatest experiences of my life. It changed and shaped me to become a better individual in society, and professionally. Send my regards to the Jobs family, it's a very emotional time for everyone.
My heart goes out to Steve's family and friends; I can only imagine that  a man as dynamic as he would have impacted those immediately around him  in profound ways.  Thank you for your amazing contributions to the betterment of our lives,  Steve.With much love &amp; reverence!
With his candle burnt out, the world will seems dimmer without him. He was a truly remarkable man that I never knew personally but I always looked up to as visionary and great leader. He inspired me as child and fascinated me with his ideas through his products from computers to iPods to iPhones and iPads. His candle burned twice as bright as any man and will definitely leave a mark on mankind for generations to come and I am glad and honored to say I lived and experienced his innovations first hand. God bless you in your time of mourning.
I think the "Think Different" advertisement described Mr. Jobs to  perfection.
For those of us who aren't tech savvy people, Steve Jobs made you feel the products he spoke of could easily put you in a place of technologically comfort. Steve Jobs is the Muhammed Ali of tech. I say "is" because although he is no longer with us, others will forever play catch-up to the genius that was, Steve Jobs.
If there is one word that describes Steve Jobs, its inspiring. He will always be seen as an inspiring genius in my mind. Rest in peace Steve Jobs, the world will miss you so very much.
I was never blessed to meet Steve personally, but watching him on stage  i could feel it, his amazing presence he had that affected EVERYONE he  stood in front of. It was him doing what he loved that lit up the stage.  I really missed this presence during the last apple conference and i  know i was not alone in that feeling. But i take peace in knowing that  he was with his family. He was so young and i am praying for peace to  his wife and family in this time of need. I know apple will NEVER be the  same, but i also know that all who remain have the same love for apple  that Steve did, and therefore Steve's touch will be on every future  product we see from apple. I will miss him and am so sad at this news  today! God bless the family and close friends.
A Visionary that will never be forgotten.  He simply changed the world  and carried us to the future and beyond.
Merci, et que la ou tu soit, tu soit entouré de matériel afin de f ournir une technologie de malade aux émissaires du paradis. Condoléance pour ta famille, tes amis, et tes fans. Merci Mr Jobs.
I'm sure this will never be read, but I wish to share my deepest thanks to a ll of the employees of apple for relentlessly following mr jobs' vision. I can only imagine the pleasure that must be yours to have shared the amazing ride that was yours to have had and we, the world, ask of you to hold steadfastly to mr jobs' vision; stay hungry, stay foolish.
As I sit here on my Mac with my iPhone by my side, my thoughts and prayers go out to Steve's family, friends and colleagues. The world has truly become a better place because of a man named Steve Jobs. I, for one, will always be grateful for everything that he has brought into my life. God bless him and may he rest in peace.
As a child, dreamed of having an Apple product, products, beautiful and easy to use, who created the great genius Steve Jobs,  today I have an iPhone, iPad among other Apple products that were created by the brilliant mind of Steve Jobs. Today we lost a brilliant a mind, the more I'm sure now he is with God our Lord and Savior, he is now in the arms of the Father.  May God be with Steve Jobs  Hugs from a big fan and user of great products that you created.
Adieux M. Jobs et merci pour pour celui que vous avez ete.
My deepest condolences to all who know Steve. I didn't, yet he was a an inspiration for me. Rest in peace, Steve, you won our hearts.
Dear friends and family of Steve Jobs:  My thoughts go out to you during this difficult time. The world has lost  a creative genius today. I have been a fan of the Apple brand for many years because of Steve's amazing creativity and innovation. My first Apple product was the iPod Mini. I thought it was the greatest invention of the world and nothing else could ever  top that. Then just a few years later, the iPhone came, which I feel it will become one of the most revolutionary new products of the 21st century. And  we owe it all to Steve Jobs and the amazing team at Apple.  Today, I feel I've lost a friend. But the world must go on and I look forward to the technology and innovation Apple will bring us in the future.
Steve is my hero :( love his positive energy and creativity.  Sent from my iPhone...thanks to Steve :)
About fifteen minutes ago I saw that we've lost a genius..a man that was capable to change the world.It's not a surprise for us, professionals (and future professionals, like me) in the IT field feel a REALLY enormous hole in our lives. This message i'm leaving here isn't nothing more than a wish, and my wish is: Rest in an eternal and marvelous peace, Steven Paul Jobs. God bless all our families.
The world will miss Steve Jobs forever.  He was so much in our lives that this loss feels like as a personal loss.   He laid the path for people to think differently and not just within Apple but all over the world.Steve Jobs changed our lives.  He will be remembered for centuries to come and I feel privileged to have lived in his era.I pray for his family  and hope God gives them strength.  For Apple, I hope it creates the future which Steve Jobs imagined.
I can't believe that Steve Jobs is gone. He was clearly the most   innovative person in the computer industry. A visionary, a genius, and   a one of a kind person who has changed the world.
Mr. Jobs will be missed. My sincerest condolences to all he leaves behind.  The Apple II was the first Apple machine that I every used and learned on. Now, I use the MacBook Pro some 20+ years later.  What a visionary, what a genius, what an amazing man, what a legacy,  and what a fighter. The world weeps today.  I am not good with words but, thought I just had to say what a great loss the universe experienced today.  Thank you Steve Jobs, Thank you.
Peace. Love. Happiness. I will miss you Steve...your genius defined my  generation and childhood. It is ironic that when you passed, most of the  world learned this tragic fact on devices that you invented.
R.I.P Steve, cannot forget about all your contribution to Apple, and even the technology. Your spirit will be last FOREVER!!!
Dear Madam/Sir,     It is my strongest belief that there are  no proper words that can offer relief  to a person when they lose someone  they love. I lost my dear father when  I was 25 years old, so, I know the  feeling.     However, I strongly believe that the  person who passed away would not  want to cause sorrow to those he   left behind. Sadness may bring  down a person's imagination and  creativity. But that is not something  that Steve Jobs would want, neither  for his family, nor for his company's   personnel.!     A true visionary, a true computer  genius, a man with his original approach  to thinking. Even though I never got  the chance to meet him in person, I   know some things about him through  his creations. His last speech in the  commencement at Stanford was a   revelation.      I offer my condolences to his family,  and wish them the best for their  future. May God rest his soul.
Steve Jobs, Being 17 I don't know to much about life yet. One thing that i do know   was you. Not that I don't know you personally, but the fact that I   know of you and a lot about you.  I know you have changed and impacted   my life so much. You changed everyones life with the creation of   Apple. You changed a generation alone that could not have turn out to   what it is today without you. So for that I thank you. Everyone thanks   you. So may you be remembered throughout history as the greatest   inventor alive for this generation and for those to come. I wish the   best for you and those that know you personally and that they live a   happy life. So may you rest in peace and be remembered throughout time   and history as one of the greatest people of all time.
My prayers go out to his family and his innovation and spirit will be missed.
I bought a Mac in London in 1984.  128k RAM.  No hard drive.  I still have it.  It still works.  Dot matrix printer.  I have been a Mac man ever since.  God bless you Steve Jobs, you have enriched my life.  Thank you so much.
To live in hearts we leave behind is not to die. - Thomas Campbell.<div></div><div>Thank you Steve....</div>
I have been a big Apple fan, and a big Steve Jobs fan, since the first Macintosh in 1980.  He was a visionary and will be missed.
The world has lost a brilliant mind and a great human being.   Love and best wishes to Laurene and the children and all his friends and colleagues at Apple.
To the Jobs and entire Apple family:  I would like to express my deepest condolences on the passing of Steve Jobs. He changed the world with his vision and determination and the world will never, ever be the same.  Wishing you all peace and comfort during this very difficult time.
I'm sad to hear of Steve Jobs' death. He was the kind of person that new  how to understand the needs of many people, through his products and  company. I can only hope his vision is continued on by those he's left  behind. Thank you very much for what you've given all of us in the form of a  simple device that's changed the way we communicate and do our daily  activities with.
What a sad sad day. I never met him but he inspired me so much throughout my  life. What he accomplished was akin to the Thomas Edison &amp; Albert Einstein 's of the world and even though it is crazy for someone who has never met him, I felt so sad inside when I found out.  He inspired me to dream abouttechnology in a way that no one else has or probably ever will.  For that I am selfishly sad to here of his passing &amp; think he won't continue to inspire me like he always has.  My prayers are with him and his family tonight. Thank you steve, thank you!
You are still an inspiration for all of us.
I am sad tonight.. Sad that I heard Steve Jobs has died... It was 1994 and I bought my first Mac. When I bought it there was NO ONE around in my area that had one and I had to teach myself. I bought a Blueberry SE, and just loved it. I bought the lap top that looked like a make up mirror,I bought another SE, I bought three Mac book pros.. Have two ipads, two iphones, and  So yup, I am ad always have been a MAC girl. Steve Jobs was the one that got me to want a Mac, despite how the PC people would try to persuade me that a Mac is not a good thing. I wish Steve well where he is and I am sure he has happy and  healthy and thinking up somoe wonderful new Mac ideas.
Steve we all love you and you will never be forgotten. Not only have you made  the best products but you made us better people.
I got my first Mac in 1986.  I've been sneered at, then grudgingly acknowledged, and now it's fashionable. Thank you Steve for keeping your vision, and keeping your believers grateful to be "users" long enough to be vindicated in myriad ways. Your strength and determination, even in the face of unthinkable health challenges, leaves me for one eternally in awe.
Although I haven't purchased much from the Apple company, when I heard of Steve Jobs' passing, it hit me that the world had truly lost a brilliant man. What we haven't lost, though, is his story, his strong will to keep fighting, and a legacy that will surely live on. Steve Jobs has made history and has left his footprint on the world. RIP, and my sincerest condolences to Mr. Jobs' family.
The world is a more magical place because he was here.  He is comparable to Edison, Ford and Einstein in his impact on our lives.  Am profoundly saddened that he will not grace our planet again.
It is a very sad day for all of us who believe in the free creative spirit and individuality. you will be deeply missed steve.
Thank you for me, for us, for the world.
I always had and will have a lot of respect for Steve Job. I found a lot  of inspiration on this man. I used him as a reference and example for  different situations in my life. Shortly, what a lost, what a man, what a human being, what a  professional and lovely person.  He will be present in each apple around this world  Thank you for the opportunity.
For family and one of my biggest idols ...   Go in peace, you left a great legacy to humanity, who not only revolutionized the IT, but showed to all that simple and innovative attitudes are still the best weapons of creativity!   Thank you, the size of Brazil!
Steve Jobs, we love you. you are a hero. you will not be forgotten. you are a  legend, a revolutionary, a god. you inspire us all to be brave, strong  and creative through everything. Your battle with cancer was well  fought. But in the end, cancer hurt all of us, with taking you, one of  the greatest to ever live. We love you Steve Jobs.  you will always be in our hearts.
Rest in peace, Steve  Proud as hell to be writing this in apple mail on a macbook that is running lion. Your message about the future inspires me to aspire to something that i love.
Our heartfelt condolences reaches out to all those who are left behind by this great man - Steve Jobs. Forever your memories are etched on the better lives you''ve could have only created.
The power of computing has made life better for so many people and you gave it to us. You've changed our lives and we will never forget you.
I went into engineering because of Steve Jobs.   He was a genius and I  wanted so much to be just like him.  I learned later that the point of  his genius was to think for yourself -- that was one of the best gifts  anyone has ever given me.  I pray Steve is at peace.  Thank you Apple for your amazing products.   Please don't let Steve's  memory fade.
To say that Steve inspired me would be an understatement. I respected his pursuit of the new. The way he spoke about new product releases at Apple affirmed his passion and belief in each and every product, and easily made me a believer. Each keynote he gave, I downloaded and watched as if it were destination television. Each product release drew my husband and I to our local Apple Store, knowing something transformational - and even a little bit magical - surely awaited us. We were never disappointed.  Because of Steve, I came to truly believe that passion, drive and natural curiosity could take you further in life than any degree from any school you might attend. That working a retail job could be fulfilling and like no other retail job I'd ever had before. Steve taught me the power of simplicity.  My life will forever be changed because I knew of Steve Jobs. His work changed the world. His words changed how I live in it.
Irememberthe the first Apple desktop. I remember the first Apple Mac. I remember the first Newton.  I willrememberSteve's creativity and vision May he rest in peace. May his dreams live on.  Farewell.
We Missed the greatest human being, an icon, an inspiration, to millions of people on this earth....Rest in Peace...
I personally never used a mac or any Apple product in all honesty.  But we (The World) just lost a great Pioneer/innovator of the Digital Age.  Steve Jobs you will be missed by both Mac and Windows Users alike.  Today may be a dark day for both the Digital Age and Apple with the loss  of Steve Jobs. However Apple's Future is a bright beacon for the world to see; a crowning  achievement of Steve Jobs.Steve Jobs you will be missed. Even though I have never met you.
Sad because he is not here any more.  But happy about the time we shared together in This world  My condolence to his family and To all the apple world
Steve - Thank You for being the creative and inspiring man that you were. You have made so very many people happier as a result of your creativity.
Thank you for the best phone the best laptops and tablets. You were a smart man and help us all see the new way of technology. You will be miss but never  forgotten. Anywhere and everywhere you will be remembered. My you rest in peace. Thank you once more Steve.
What a terrible loss. Steve was always an inspiration to me personally,  an icon. He built a great company, drove the development of several  great products, changed the face of computing as well as mobile and will  definitely go down in history as an innovator of our time. Even after  losing his company, he continued to succeed and once he regained Apple  made it stronger than ever. I only wish I had the opportunity to meet  him.
You showed us that we always have to fight to the very end!  I will never forget that lesson.
The world loses the most important visionary of this century. Someone that modern history will never forget. After Steve Jobs, people will never forget about what inspiration means.
Today is a sad day, a great visionary who has brought nothing but good to the world has passed away. I together  with countless others who dreamed of meeting Steve but never came closer than the historical keynotes and interviews will remember this great man who will be remembered indefinitely.  My thoughts go out to all apple employees and Steves family.
Please accept my condolences for the passing of Mr. Jobs.  He was a great man with great ideas.  He will dearly be missed not only by those who knew him, but all of us who have benefit from never ending inspiration.
Some people say Steve Jobs was the Thomas Edison of our time, but Steve was the Steve Jobs of our times. From a public standpoint, all good things have been and will be said about him for a long time to come. Even though I’m just another fan of his work and the company he created, I now realize how personal my gratitude towards Steve is. He brought pride through innovation for the San Francisco Bay Area, especially Silicon Valley, and in some indirect form, he helped me earn a living through his employees  purchasing the consumer durables I sold a few years ago close to the Apple campus. Lastly, I fondly remember  when I’d go home after work and drove on Interstate 280 North, stuck in traffic, and looking at Apple’s main building giant ad poster, which would show pictures of some of the best innovators of our time. Well, next time I drive through there, I expect to see Steve’s picture there.
I can't believe this. God is jealous of your talent. I was thinking about the meaning of your world, " Keep looking, don't settle" last night, but today………….  You are the legend of this century, your story have beeing inspired thoughts and thoughts heart and the arts you made have beening changed all the world. Being well in the heaven. People will never forget you. You are living our hearts, forever.
Thank you Steve. We will always remember you.
God gave you the gift of making people happy. Hundreds of millions of them. I like to think he will give you the means to continue doing it from up there, in many different, unknown ways.  Thank you Steve.
So sorry to hear of Mr. Job's passing.  He was a brilliant and very   clever man.   From the little of him that I know about, it seems that he lived life   to the fullest.
I am so sadden by the loss of such a wonderful life. Someone who gave so much to the world in so many ways.  RIP Mr. Jobs.
Having bought one of the first Apple II+ computers in the late 70's I can say we lost the greatest mind of my generation. Steve you made my life better and a whole lot more fun. Rest in peace and may God give your family the strength needed to continue celebrating your life.
RIP Steve, and thank you for making such an amazing company, and a awesome Phone such the Iphone and the Ipad, you will be missed, you are in a better Place and resting no more suffering,  thank you RIP.
Thanks for building such an incredible company, full of innovations, technology, and great people. I hope to work for Apple some day and keep your vision alive. Forever live Apple.
Thank you for everything you have created.  It is truly a loss.
I just bought my first iMac computer. I love Apple products and think they are absolutely amazing. As Jacque Fresco of The Venus Project states "all technology is just a pile of junk, unless it truly helps humans live a better life" I truly felt that with Steve Jobs' incredibly innovative insight Apple was and is the only electronics company that made hardware that indeed, improves the quality of life. From ceo's to people with disabilities using the multi-touch programming on the iPad, the multi-touch gestures and universal access for disabled people. It turned there products into almost, "one size fits all" hardware devices. Steve Jobs was truly a design genius, and will be sorely missed in this ever advancing technological world.
Actually I'm shocked by this news and I thought it must be kidding at the first place. I have a pad on my hand, I use it to see this news and I feel deeply sad about that. But Steve Jobs cannot die, we all own one of his Horcruxes, ipad, iphone, itouch...We will never forget him !!!!!!!
Thank you for what you have done for families. My family loves our own playlist that we have on my iPod Touch. When we are together I pick the playlist that we are going to listen to an it is like that person won. Just alittle game we play. Love your products!!  Love APPLE!!!
There will be few others who can be as much an inspiration as Steve for those who wish to realize their dreams.
Dear Jobs Family and Apple Family,  Our hearts and prayers go out to all of you.  Even if I do not know Mr.  Steve Jobs personally, I believe that he is a great and kind human  being.  May you find comfort, peace, and healing in this hard time.  We  pray for Mr. Steve Jobs; may he rest in peace.
In 2007, I left my corporate job of 15 years to pursue my dream because: 1) I had an Apple computer that allowed me to work from anywhere and 2) because of this quote by Steve Jobs: “Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life. Don’t be trapped by dogma — which is living with the results of other people’s thinking. Don’t let the noise of others’ opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become. Everything else is secondary.” Thank you, Mr. Jobs. Thank you so much.
Thank you so much for your contributions to the advancement of the computer age. You will be missed.
Steve Jobs was a great visionary. He created a company and took it further than anybody else could have. I was ten when theiPhonecame out, andeventhen I was fascinated by the thing. TheiPod Touch came soon after, and my family scraped together enough money for one. As time passed, the ties to my life deepened as I began to use Mac computers, fiddle around on the iOS devices, and learn more about the wonderful world of apple. Ireceivedthe newest iPod Touch over the summer as a graduation gift, after begging my parents and constantly using our old and outdated model. I now use it for most of my fun, work, and everything in between. The way Steve Jobs touched my life was not by making me buy a product, but allowing me access to a wide world of technology. I now design games and try to learn as much as I can from the visionary teachings of Steve Jobs.  R.I.P. STEVE JOBS
Death of Steve Jobs is a loss for humanity.  May his soul rest in peace.     God Bless!
What an amazing,  wonderful and extraordinary human being.  He kept his  spirits high and used his God given talents to the highest of standards.   I pray that those who were fortunate to work with him and know him will  continue to work and love in the same way Steve did.  God bless his  family for all the years they shared him with the world.
Not too many people can be distinguished with the honor of truly changing the world, but I think Steve Jobs is definitely someone who has done just that. No one brand name that I have seen in my short lifetime has been as innovative as Apple products. Steve was synonymous with the overall excellence of his company. He is a legendary inventor and a true visionary. Technology took such a big leap forward thanks to Steve's unparalleled innovations. My thoughts and prayers go out to his family. RIP Steve Jobs.
To  Apple Inc and The Family Of Mr Steve Jobs. My Deepest Condolences to your Family.  My God continue to keep and  protect you during this difficult time.     Mr Jobs will be missed  :-(
Good Bye Steve, I never knew you very well, but I did enjoy your products, you will not be forgotten thanks.  :)
Im from Argentina, and in university, Steve is always there, teachers  and professors are always talking about him, he was awesome. I also like my Apple stuff so much, my MacBook Air, my iPhone, my iPad  2, they have changed my life, and the lives of million of people around  the world. I will miss him so much, he always knew what to say. You cant imagine  how sad people are in South America too. RIP Steve, I just hope you can still lead Apple from wherever you are  now.  "Stay hungry, Stay foolish"
Steve, thank you for all. RIP
Well although i never met him, he came onto this earth, created his own  market of technology. Even though you are just in our thoughts and  dreams, you will always be in our hearts as the one to give us Apple. He  was a great man, and my number one dream, was to meet this man, and even  work side by side with him. although my dream never came true, I'm sure  you could make it "just work"
I am saddened to hear of Steve's passing.  I am grateful for his vision  and creative genius. He has truly left a mark in this world for the  better.  Thank you Steve for making my life and business run easier with  your brilliant inventions.  You will be missed.
RIP: *Steve Jobs (1955-2011)*World Changer*: Never accepting average, Steve Jobs always believed in better. In that he will always be a mentor.  My prayers are with Steve's family and friends during this difficult time.
He is my inspiration.  Bye bye Steve. God be with you.
Truly an icon in technology. He will always be THE Steve Jobs.
Rest in peace, Steve Jobs. I am one of the millions of people who owe you an enormous debt for literally creating a new world - one where we could work, create, design, make art, learn, listen, talk, live, in an entirely new way. Your work allowed intelligence to become cool again. Your beautiful little machines unlocked ideas, lives, universes. Your vision unleashed a creative army. The world will never be the same. I am forever in your debt. I mourn your passing.
Dear Steve,  sorry for my English, but I want to write because I feel sorry for your death. The staff that you have forged says just saying that "Apple loses a mentor but above all a dear friend". All of us, Apple customers and not, lose a great person. That empty chair at the keynote was given to you, but now you look around from there. Apple is more than just a company. Is something magical: is your inspiration. And that no one ever will remove that.  Thanks Steve for being the brilliant person who has made ​​life easier for millions of people.   A big hug.
Hello,                        Today morning, i woke up and was going through the iPhone news channels. Boom came across this news. Really saddened by it and its really hard to believe. May Steve rest in peace. Looks like he was suffering from the said disease badly. Gods will is Gods will. He made a empire in a matter of few years and made people to believe in what he made, full of fun, creativity. Hats off to him. I am and was a great fan of him and his products since childhood and always follow what he has done and what he wants to do next.  Once again thanks a ton Steve and god bless you.
Rest in peace with your God. You have changed me, my family, and the world.
Thank you very much for incredible innovation. RIP.
Today we've lost a valued member of society that had the brilliance and forthright to create what we could have never imagined. Thank you for inspiring us all and keeping us on the edge of our seats in anticipation of what was to  come next.
Dear Steve,   You've changed my life and you'll always be in my heart.
Rest in peace, genius.  Thank you for all the innovation and inspiration  you brought to us!
Back in 1977, when I was 10 years old, I was riding my bike down the Miracle Mile in San Rafael, and saw a neon sign shaped like a rainbow apple.  I stuck my head in and saw my first Apple computer. It has been my trusty sidekick since that day.   Thanks, Steve.
Farewell Steve, your company has changed my life for ever. You will be missed
You left at the same age as my father, both of you went too young, both of you were an inspiration. Having had the wonderful opportunity of working for Apple, I know what a great and inspirational organisation you founded. I use Apple products everyday. I too, hope I can make the world a better place as well.  Thank you.
If it weren't for Steve's vision and aesthetic, my life would have so much less beauty, music and connections. What he and his partners throughout the years have created has enriched my and my family's lives tremendously. Thank you.
He built our world as we know it today. The life we live is shaped by   his dreams. I will always be thankful for that.
The most amazing person has died today. He left a legacy like no other, his memory will live on through his products, ideas and company. He was a revolutionary, a visionary, a man of the future. Each of us should try to learn his ways, for they apply not only in business but in life as well.   He may be gone but he will never be forgotten.
Good night.     Since Iphone was invented I learned to admire Steve Jobs.  I'm sure that invention changed our lives and IT history.     I'm very sad because the world lost a genius.     God stayed with him.      Good luck Jobs, mission accomplished!
We are deeply moved and mourn Steve's loss. Just touched that we don't have words. As I write this email, my wife is heartbroken, while I hold my tears back and my head cant think clearly. We don't know how we will break this news to our 8 year son who was aghast when he learnt that Steve is unwell with cancer.  We used Apple products at home but seemed so close to Apple and Steve in particular. Steve was a great innovator, thinker, leader, presenter. We wish well to the Apple employees, management to ride this tough time. Although a creative genius is gone, we are sure Apple will rise above this huge loss. As Steve said, "Stay hungry, Stay Foolish".   May Steve's great soul rest in peace.  You will be in our hearts till we turn to ashes.
The whole world mourns the sad loss. We have lost an icon, a visionary, a true inventor ... But we remember him for his great legacy, tracing the path left for future generations.
Dear Steve Jobs, Thank you for giving us all these wonderful gadgets - Ipads, Iphones, Imac. I can't imagine how my life would be  without them. You have left behind a great story to tell for our future generation. Thank you and rest in peace.
Thank you Steve for all the innovativeness that you brought into my life. Thank you for the amazing products you and Apple created. Thank you for all the inspiring keynotes you hosted and for your unbeatable spirit.  Rest in peace Great Visionary.
I loved every second I worked at Apple. Steve Jobs built the best technology company the world has ever seen. He will live forever through the inspiration he has put out into the world.
Steve has left the foundation of the way that the human beings interact with  machines. He always will be there, no matter what kind of equipment humans will use. His curiosity has shown that anything is possible in technology. We will miss him and his contributions to improve the quality of life of all  mankind.
JobsMycondolences tofamily, the loss ofagreat man.Whatinspirednot onlyhis contemporariesbut alsonew generations.We lostareference, but will perpetuatehis legacythrough the ages.
i would like to thank steve jobs for all he has done with his ideas from  iPod to iMac. He has shown me that the impossible is possible and that i  would like to thank him. My home is only filled with apple electronics  with iPod nanos, iPod touches, iPads,  mac books, and an iMac. His  products have helped me with my studies and his ideas are probably the  best i have ever heard.
My thoughts and prayers are with Steve's family. Apple definitely changed my life - for the better. I am grateful. He made the world a better place.
Dear Apple, Steve's family at home and at work:  It was with great sadness that I learned of Steve's passing this   evening. I know he will be missed on a personal and professional level...there   at Apple and out here in the field. His genius has moved all the other professional photographers I know   and have worked with. I hope the company can look ahead and move on solidly without him,   may he rest in peace.
Mis sinceras condolencias a su esposa, hijos, familiares, amigo y compañeros de Apple. Descubrí no hace mucho la magia de la Manzana de Steve, pero cada día hace mi vida más cómoda, entretenida y grata. Que el sello de Steve Jobs se mantenga vivo y se proyecte con fuerza hacia el futuro en el mundo Apple.
Steve Jobs was one of the most innovate, and ingenious men in the world, he will be missed.
Hi,  We have today lost a genius human being who has defined the meaning of   smart technology and how it can change our lives. His knowledge and   thinking was beyond anyone's mind. Because of this visionary mind is   where APPLE stands today. Thanks to Steve Jobs.  I am personally upset and sad because I am a big apple products and   services admirer.  APPLE will never be the same.  Rest in Peace Steve......
Steve Jobs gave us the technology revolution. He enriched lives. He left the world a bit better than he found it. We will all forever remember our modern-day da Vinci and Edison.  Steve Jobs changed the world.
His visions have changed the WORLD.! we will miss him.
Thank your inventions. The world is a better place because you let your innovations be part of  our life and help us become better citizens.
In June 1980, my parents gave me an Apple II+ (I mean, an Apple ][+ ) for my birthday. I think I would still put it at #1 on my list of All Time Greatest Gifts Received, ahead of the Green Machine, the Atari 2600, and my baby brother.  Thank you, Steve Jobs. You may be the most creative, innovative businessman in American history. You made the world a better place.
Please accept out heartfelt condolences on this great loss.  With Regards.
I remember Steve wanted to change the world. I will remember him as a guiding inspiration for the rest of my life.  I thank Steve for touching lives everywhere.
Steve Jobs has deeply inspired my life.   A true magician.   Deepest condolences to his family, friends and coworkers.
I really appreciate what you did for Cell phone industries, and computers, without your imaginations I don't where my wife would be without her IPhone.     Thank you again, the world will miss you so much for your creativity.
1955 - 2011: "Great stories, great iDeas".
Steve Jobs,  Thank you for teaching me to see, but see with the eyes of those who have nofear of the unimaginable future. Thank you for making all my dreams come true without even knowing what I wanted. Thank you for anticipating the future.  Thanks for everything and see you soon
As elusive as Steve Jobs was, I feel as if I have lost a dear friend. I love my Apple products. They make my life better. Thank you Steve and my sympathy to his friends and family.
Steve Jobs and Apple changed my work life as photographer literally overnight, from darkrooms with chemicals populated with strange enlarging contraptions to a keyboard and screen. Then you added iTunes and the incredible iPhone plus the iPad and more how you plugged into and imagined what could be, then you were able to realize it. Simply amazing,  thank you for the journey so far.
I send my condolences to his family. Stay strong, stay focused and remember him as a innovator that changed how we use computers! I remembered when the iPod came to the market . It changed the world, music , everything. It was a ground breaker! The Apple family and Steve continued to change how to we use computers, even until his last day! He'll always be remembered! R.I.P MR APPLE   (Steve Jobs)
Dear Steve,  You've changed our whole life. Our thinking about technology. The way we communicate. Everything.  Thank You so much,   I salute you!  Rest in Peace.
Thank You Steve, You are and will alway be one of the great visionaries. You will be missed greatly.
this world is no longer the same. peace in another world.
It is with very deep sadness that I've learned of the passing of Steve  Jobs.  My heart goes out to his family, as they grieve the loss of their loved  one, a man we all loved and admired for so long.  There are no words to express the sadness I feel in seeing this creative  genius and genuinely good person, leave us much to soon.  Rest in Peace Steve, you will be remembered and honored forever.
Hello.  My name is Adam. I am in high school, and I'm fifteen. Steve Jobs has had an enormous impact on my life. How? I began using computers at the age of four because I loved Apple and Steve Jobs. In eighth grade, I began studying HTML and other computer languages, hoping to be just a little like Steve Jobs. I even began to wear my glasses daily. Every electronic in my house, whether it be a computer, phone, tablet device, or MP3 player, is 100% guaranteed to be Apple. I consider Steve to be my hero and an idol figure to me. I will miss him immensely. You will be missed, Steve. Your company will live on just as you will have wanted it to.
Steve Jobs was a visionary that will forever be remembered in the world  of technology and in our hearts. Though I have never had a chance to know him, I feel his passion through  the products that I currently use on a daily basis. Without his  inspiration and guidance none of the technology today would be available  to me. I have grown up knowing and using the evolution of his work and I will  forever remember him. I know you are in a better place now with no suffering and I hope you  will watch over us from the skies above. Rest in Peace Steve Jobs.
I am deeply sorry for the lost of such a visionary and amazing man that Steve Jobs was. He has changed the world and mine with his innovations  and products. Jobs has made our lives much easier and I hope that his  principles and thoughts that Jobs used in his creations will continue to  thrive in the years to come. I wish the best to theJobsfamily and those who were side by side with him.
I write this from a device invented by Steve and Apple. I offer my respects to the whole world (and of course his family and coworkers) because our lives  will never be the same again in the absence of just one great, creative human being: Steve Jobs. Now his atoms will go back to the place we all come from: the stars.
First and foremost I would like to say that the world wouldnt be the  same without Mr. Jobs he was truly an amazing human being that changed  the world forever. I would like to thank him for the technology he has  placed in my hands for they are a part of my everyday life. You will be  missed Mr. Jobs. My condolences to his family and friends R.I.P Steve  Jobs he will be remembered forever.
Steve Jobs has changed so many lives, directly, and indirectly. He was one of the greatest visionaries, if not the greatest. When Steve Jobs was announced no longer alive, it felt as if a part of me has died also. He wasn't just a CEO of a company, but was a influential leader. Steve Jobs is to me, someone to be recognized, someone I have a tremendous amount of respect for. He had something special that sets him apart from other leaders, and that he is a passionate, creative, most devoted man. Today we have lost a great man who has revolutionized technology, and was always a step ahead of everyone. I believe today October 5, 2011 shall be remembered as a sorrowful day of the death of The One and Only, Steve Jobs.
Thank you Steve Jobs. For everything you brought to this world. We love you, and we will miss you.
Thank you Mr. Jobs for making products even more beautiful than jewelry.  I treasure every one.
No words can ever describe the impact Steve had, has and will have on the world. He may have gone, but his memory, effort, desire and vision reside in his creations. Thank you Steve!
Somehow I suspected it wouldn't be too much longer before Steve left us.   Even knowing this, I still can't help but feel as if a large part of my  life has just left.  Even though I didn't, and probably never would have  had a chance to know him personally, I can't help but look around my  home and office and know how much he has influenced a large part of my  life and business.  My condolences go out to his family, friends and his adopted family  members that he worked with closely on a day to day basis.  Steve, you will be sorely missed but remembered for many lifetimes to  come.
Truly a 'revolutionary'. He and his genius will be missed. Our first home computer in the early 80s was an Apple and that opened new horizons - mostly good - for my kids which I never had in my own youth. But more than anything - he is a good, kind person - inspired most likely by his Buddhist values. Steve Jobs rocks!
Dear family and friends of Steve,  I'm so sorry for your loss, Steve has inspired everyone his products have touched. Steve will be missed by the world.
Where to begin? Today passed a true American/Californian/Bay Area hero. Rest in peace, Mr. Jobs.
Sincerest condolences to everyone that knew, appreciated and loved Steve's work.  He is such an inspiration both in and out of the technology world.  I just wanted to say thanks as well for every amazing Apple device that Steve helped bring to life, and helping stimulate healthy competition.  God Bless all of you.
It has been an honor knowing that every apple device has a part of his soul inside, so he can live forever among us. Thank you for changing the world.
Thanks Steve - generations of New Zealanders to come will be inspired by your achievements
I recently watched a documentary about Steve Job's life and the genesis  of Apple Computers.  I became an Apple user in 1999 and have been one  ever since.  I am grateful to Steve Jobs and the other hard workers at  Apple for making things that work.  I  also recently read something  Steve said about living for your passion and it resonated deeply in me.  Rare people like Steve Jobs are certainly missed but more than that, you  wonder how things would be without their inspiration and innovation.
Our Entire family mourns the death of a great American inventor. Apple has been part of our family since the 80"s.
I was so sad to hear of his death.  I have bought apple products for years.  I feel like he has made all of us have better lives with his products.  I want to send my deepest sympathy to his family.  I feel like I have lost a dear friend even though I really didn't know him.  RIP.  Our country has lost a genius.
A Great Man has passed, his innovations have opened many doors in my life being Apple user. God bless enjoy paradise.
I've had dozens of Apples since 1986 and there's never been a rotten one in the bunch. Thanks Steve, you are and will be missed.
Thanks for all the wonderful products you have helped bring to life. The world will always remember you with every keystroke, touch, pinch, zoom and gesture we use on your state of the art IOS devices you helped invent. Our thoughts and prayers go to your loving family.
I just wanted to express my condolences to Mr. Jobs family, friends, and  all the employees at Apple. I heard the news from an app on my iPad,  text some of my friends about it on my iPhone, read the news on my  Macbook air, and am typing this email on my iMac. I use, love, and  appreciate the incredible products that Mr. Jobs and Apple create and as  deeply saddened as I am by the news, I have faith that Apple will  continue to thrive as a company that has and always will make him proud.  I am so sorry for his family's loss. RIP Mr. Jobs.
Thank you Steve for what you gave us!  RIP
I don't know where to start. I am so upset that as a nation to lose  a great  business man like him.he was a great example for me. I hope everyone follow  his foot steps. May he rest in peace.
My heart goes out to Steve's family and his friends, he lives on in all our hearts.
There's a piece of Steve in every iPhone, iPad, iPod, Macbook and iMac sold around the world. He will always be remembered.
I have only had the pleasure of using Apple MacBook, &amp; iPhone for a couple  of years now, but I would just like to say THANK YOU. THANK YOU for being a  visionary, an innovator. THANK YOU for developing products that will continue to have an impact on this world for years to come!    My thoughts and prayers to the Jobs family. Your husband and father was truly an amazing individual!
my deepest condolenses to the family.
The world has lost a great innovator, thinker and genius. Steve Jobs  changed the way we interact and use phones, but above all he greatly  changed the way we live. Rest in Peace
Thank you not only for creating a company that inspires through innovation, but for sharing your journey with others.  Besides using Apple products to help me connect with my family, the commencement addressyou gave at Stanford helped inspire a greater connection between me and a younger cousin who was adrift.
A wonderful, wonderful man has left us. The world's greatest innovator, marketer, retailer, and artist.
I am hurt to hear we have lost such an inspiring man in this world.  You  will always be remembered!! RIP Steve.
To all of Steve's friends and family: Steve was a great man, and you  should feel better if you realize this, he accomplished so much in his  lifetime. He created Apple which is a very successful company that has a  very bright future. He basically played a big part in creating the  future. I personally look at Steve Jobs the same way I look at Albert  Einstien, a pure genius. I wish the best for you and I'm sorry for your  loss.
I always thought of Steve Jobs as the greatest inventor of all time. His creations, designs, personality, all unique, and all one of a kind. Whenever Steve came out with a new device, you'd think "Man, i'm don't think he can go any further with this" he'd prove you wrong. Like no other human being, he had the thought of only something he could come up with. Steve could turn the odds around just like that. I and many others will miss Steve Jobs.
Hey Steve, Thanks for guiding us this far. Cant really say how much we will miss you.But you have ignited enough innovation among us.  RIP
I send my regards and wish the best for Steve's family and friends, and  the world has indeed lost a wonderful human being, may he rest in peace.
Hi, Steve is a great man, a giant in dreams and more importantly, a man with relentless passion in finding and walking the road where dreams become reality. His passing is a loss to all mankind. Deepest condolences to Mrs Jobs and family... the world shares your grief. -
Steve did not follow, he lead the way with technology that he knew was   cool, never trying to figure what the public wanted. I've never owned   other than Mac products and have never been dissapointed. We were all   blessed to live in the era and witness a true visionary. Rest in   Peace, Steve.
Thanks for every thing, this world is proud to know you wrote the most  important page in the history of the best computer technologies!!! Thanks so much and rest in pace up there with father god!!!
Steve Jobs was a creative genius, and he always will be. He made Apple a  success, and his company will forever succeed because of his hard work  and effort. I love Apple, and I always will. He will be missed. I LUV  YOU STEVE JOBS!
Thank you Steve for being a man whose vision was bigger than life.    You had a hand in every computer I have owned.  From the Macintosh   SE30 I bought in 1988 to my Mac Pro today.  You opened up the world of   computing to those of us who didn't possess a degree in computer   engineering.  I will miss you and your creative spirit and your always   intriguing "Oh.... and one more thing..." at the end of your keynotes   that always meant something exciting was going to be announced.  God Speed on your continued journey.  Blessing to your family in this   time of grief.
My wife and I would like to extend our sincere condolences to Mr Job's family and the employees of Apple. The world has lost today an amazing human being, who was not only brilliant in what he did but tenacious and hard working and never one to give up.  We mourn his physical passing but his imprint on humanity will live on forever.
He was a visionary beyond imagination and with his work has changed our lives like few other people in recent modern times. I'm certain his loss will be heartfelt all over the world.
I've been an apple user for twelve years now, and this is definitely a sad day.  We've lost a visionary and I hope you rest in peace.  Thank you for all you've done.
When I heard Steve Jobs was resigning I was really upset. He was a great person and he had a great life. RIP Steve Jobs
Steve you've changed the way we view computers and so much more. You'll be deeply missed and I pray that Apple grows stronger with your passing.  My condolences to your family and friends.
Sem dúvida, na data de hoje perdemos uma das maiores e mais brilhantes mentes do mundo, não há muito o que se falar nesse momento somente relembrar os grandes feitos dessa mente brilhante.  desejo grande apoio a família. Morre um mito,  nasce uma lenda.
Sorry for my english. It's late here in Paris, France but I wanted to  write just some words and say I'm sad to learn this loss. I'm just a  french guy fascinated by so much creative man and I'm a real fan of his  work. I'm writing this message from my MacBook, so aware of what Steve  Jobs brought us all. Thank you mister.  Rest in peace.
Most of us that like tech can say that you were the most brilliant person that ever lived. You will never be forgotten by all who have seen the evolution. Thanks for all your genius. R.I.P
Sin duda un gran cerebro se ah ido al cielo, que desde alla nos mande sus ideas.  Cambio el mundo, nos cambio a todos, y lo que falta por cambiar. Gracias Steve jobs..!!!
I am writing from Portugal, from an old iPad 1, one of the many fantastic devices Steve Jobs left us with.  Steve, thank you for your legacy! You will always be remembered and you are part of the history now. No one deserves to suffer from that kind of diseases so I want to leave my condolencies to his family and friends. May our God be with you all the time.  Rest in peace.
Thank you for your dedication to pushing technology further than anyone could have dreamed, in such a small space of time.
I was saddened to here of the loss of Steve. His building of Apple has   changed the lives of many people including myself. I utilize Apple   technology daily and I know the pride he felt in the company. So many   innovations have come from his genius. I know he will be greatly missed. My sincere condolences to his family, friends and associates at Apple.  You are in my prayers.
God lets go of those that are a wonder to the earth and to all human kind. Mr. Jobs continues to live on through his inventions. He will be kept in our minds and in our hearts. Our condolences to his family.
Thank you for all you've done, Steve. The world will never forget you.
I am deeply sadden by the news I received today and my heart goes out to the family and friends of an extraordinary human, with a great mind and a bigger soul. I can't even imagine how much Steve will be missed, but his legacy will always leave with us...we will soon see beautiful and colorful apple shaped clouds in the sky.     God bless you Steve!
As I sit here typing on my Mac laptop, it's surreal that the man who  made all this possible has died. I cried two years ago when I opened the  iPhone that my sons gave me for Christmas. Some would think I was crazy,  but that, I discovered was the kid in me. I had more fun with that phone  over the Christmas holiday...learning, exploring, creating. Steve  Jobs and Apple have created a whole new world for billions.  We have all been touched by an amazing man. My prayers are with his  family and friends.
I've been crying since your passing. You introduced a new world to me, one that'll never be the same again. You did your thing, man. You went out like a  lion. Wherever you are now, I wanna see it revolutionized by the time I get  there.
My first computer was an Apple IIc. My grandfather gave my mom a thousand dollars and told her she could only spend it on a computer for my brother and I . We were the only kids on the block with a computer in our house. We lived in a poor neighborhood. All the kids would come to my house after school to play on the computer and it kept us from getting into terrible, life changing  trouble elsewhere.  Thank you.
Words seem inadequate to express the sadness we feel right now for the loss of a genius that changed the world not only related to technology but also to the entertainment business.  Thank you Steve for every wonder you created. We will never forget you. Our thoughts are with his family too.
Steve your dreams and visions changed the world thank you...
Thank you Steve Jobs.. Rest In Peace.. You will be missed.. Sent from my iPhone
Steve Jobs was the greatest person anybody could ever hope to be. He has brought technology into the world that has literally changed lives. As I sit here and type this on my iPhone I recall as a 16 year old boy buying my first i Pod. The excitement level was overwhelming. As I grew up my apple collection  evolved and the release of every new keynote by Steve would leave me in tears, marveling at how possible the impossible had become. You haven't just given me a product Steve. You have inspired me to be better in life. You are t he reason I try harder every day at work and why I turn negatives in my life  into positives. You will always be my hero. Rest in Peace Steve.
As many others, I was hoping for miracle.  It's heartbreaking and devastating that you're really gone. You left   us too soon... Thank you thank you so much.....   Rest in peace, Mr. Jobs
Thanks for you genius and how you helped to take technology to a new  level.. You set the bar high.
We lost one of the most important men on the world... But never we are  going to lost his thoughts... Always in ours memories and soul... We are never  forget you STEVE JOBS FOREVER
My deepest condolances to a genius visionary and a true inspiration.
I'm sorry to hear Steve Jobs has passed away. I send my condolences to his friends and family. I'm 11 and greatly inspired by him. He is someone that has changed tecnology in an amazing way. And he will always be remembered.  He was also a great inspiration to everyone inculding myself. He has motivated so many others as well. Steve Jobs is remembered and always will be.
Thanks, Steve for creating Apple you changed technology by your genius  invention.  RIP, God Bless you.
I'm a graphic design student from Brazil. Thanks for everything Steve's done to make people aware of how important  design is. Thanks for showing it's not only about technology, but it's about making  thinks easier and more human to use. In the name of all my friends that are also designers, we salute you and  wish a safe journey afterwards.
Pray for you, the genius in this century. You just light on the PC and open a new life.
I switched from PC to MAC never looking back.  Thank you for an amazing  product and the vision to make the future brighter for all of us.  No  doubt you legacy will live much longer than even you envisioned.
Dear Apple Family,  Supporting, discussing, and promoting Apple products have been  responsible for my livelihood for all of my professional career. But  that's really a small part of why I owe Steve a great debt. We all owe  Steve not because of what he's done for us in the past few years. We owe  him because of what has happened the last 15 years at Apple will change  our lives forever, or at least the next few hundred years.  I'm grateful to Steve personally and professionally. May God give grace  and peace to you all during this time of mourning.
This is such a sad day. I'm truly at a loss of words. Steve because of you and your creative genius I was able to tap into my own i nnovation. My music is what it is because you. To my regret I never got to m eet you, but your spirit and energy will always be present whenever I work.  Thank you for your time on this earth,  You will truly be missed.
Dear Apple,  I would like to extend my condolences and sympathy to the Job's family.  I feel that Mr. Job's  changed the world with his innovative ideas. I  have only bought one computer in my  life and it is an Apple. I am  loving it even though I am still not computer savvy. The world will be a  poorer place without him.
You changed my life and empowered me with yours technology and inspirations.
What a great man. Very inspiring to me. Has made me turn my life around and turn things for the better or me. Very inspiring man, as he struggled to over come his illness. My condolences. God bless.
Thank you Steve Jobs for changing our lives.  You will live forever.
I will severely miss you steve, you have been great inspiration for me. May your soul rest in peace.
Thank you, Steve, for many jobs well done.
To the Jobs Family        We would like to express our deepest condolence to the Jobs Family on the passing of Steve Jobs.....A truly great and visionary man.     His contribution to this world will be remembered forever.
I was asleep when it happened...I woke up to a text from my friend  asking if I'd heard the news -- I was shocked when he told me. Life is  so fragile and can be taken away at any time. My condolences are with  his friends, family, and the people at Apple. May Steve live on forever  in our hearts...
I would just like to thank his family for sharing him with us until the end!
A real down to earth person who had the vision to enable technology for every person to use in the most competitive market. A pure genius who I wish I had met. Love live his memory
The iPhone that Steve Jobs has created has been more than a huge part of my life, as well as many other peoples. Only someone with a mind as brilliant as his could provide the world with technology with the capabilities instilled in all of the apple products. Even though not many of us were able to meet Steve Jobs or get to know him personally, everytime someone picks up an iPhone, iPod, or iPad it will be used in memory of Steve. As we continue to upgrade with Apple, every purchase, phone call, text, and download will be figuratively dialing into Steve's soul. These devices are now more than a phone, tablet, computer, and walkman, we all have a piece of Steve Jobs. Tech God.
As I type this from my iPhone I can't help to feel like I own a piece of his  history. He was a genius without a doubt and he will surely live on in our home, office, phones, and music! May you rest in peace
Thank you Steve Jobs for all the great things you gave to the world! I   am sure God had a plan for you and you succeeded in all your tasks.    Job well done! God bless you. Rest in Peace.
My first reaction was that life without Steve will be like like driving  into a concrete wall, but then I realized because of him we could  drive through the wall.  Thank you Steve for changing everything.
My condolences to Steve's family and loved ones, and to us all for this  great loss.  Apple has changed history and revolutionized life as we new  it.  Apple IS the information era.  Thanks to the valuable contributions  of  this great man, a mastermind. Steve, you made a huge difference! You have transcended!!!!
I was impressed by your 2005 commencement Stanford.  Thank you for you &amp; your company product.  Hope you rest in peace. I pray for you and your family.
Thank you for providing the wonderful world technologies. You are my inspiration and the best of mankind in this universe. Your path of success is a learning chapter for people who are seeking to be better and successful.
Thanks for making me interested in technology again, after becoming disinterested in the 90's, my twenties, I became bored of what was happening. With the iPod, and everything else that came after, I saw the quantum leap that only apple was making, and I became a huge steve fan, and maybe more importantly, an apple convert!
I was not always Steve's Jobs' fan, pushing any jealousy aside.  Sometimes I resented his assertion  that his way was the only way, even if he was significantly correct.     If not for Mr. Jobs, computing would have remained a stodgy magic of technical wizards, or worse, the control mechanism for big business. Instead he brought technology into the light, and when it was seen, it was beautiful, useful, and utterly appealing.     I can only hope that his legacy can be continued with his departure, as Humanity was better for his contribution.     So long Steve Jobs and thanks for making the world a better place.
To hear about the passing of Steve Jobs has really put me in a state of pain and mourn. Since 2002 Steve Jobs has been my idol, it wasn't only till last year I realized because of him I wanted to be a technological genius. Apple has lost a valuable piece of the company, the CEO and the mastermind. My dream was to meet Steve Jobs and tell him thank you for making me the person that I am and want to be, but I guess its too late. I will always have Steve Jobs in my heart as I move out of middle school, to high school, to college, and even when I start my own technological company. I know Steve is looking at us from above and will always protect Apple Inc. Steve Jobs: A genius; a mastermind; a visionary MY IDOL! THANK YOU STEVE!
The Schuth household wishes to extend our saddest condolences to the Jobs family. We hope the outpouring of love and respect from around the world helps you through. Our prayers are with Steve, and with you.  Sincerely,   Joanna and William Schuth  --  "I calculated the odds of this succeeding versus the odds I was doing something incredibly stupid...and I went ahead anyway."
Few words there are to say at the loss we know this day a moment of silence but forever remembrance of a man who realized his dreams  and showed us all how to do the same.   You will be always missed, Steve.   We'll stay hungry and foolish.
You will be truly missed Steve.
My condolences go out to Mr Jobs' family and friends; The world has lost an amazing person. I would like to thank Steve for all his work in making Apple what it is today. I made the Apple switch (from PC) years ago as a young teenager, and I have never looked back. From starting with a small and simple ipod mini, then moving to an ipod video, ipod classic, ipod touch....and now iphone4; I must say I have never once been disappointed. Same story with my first mac (mac mini) and my now current iMac.   I LOVE Apple, please don't stop doing what you do best, keep up the fantastic work.  Rest in Peace Steve Jobs.
We lost a genius! My sincere condolences to family and Apple.
Technology has lost a genius that changed the world! RIP and Thank You Steve Jobs!
I am very sorry to have to send this email to give my condolences to the company I love most in the world and always say that I greatly admired Jobs and bring her into my life his words. My condolecias by Jobs for me and everyone.
Thank you so much for bringing so many songs, photos, videos and so much pleasure to my life. A true technological genius, businessman extraordinaire, and visionary.   "People don't know what they want until you show it to them".  Thanks
We truly have lost a genius.  He was the Einstein or the DaVinci or the Alexander Graham Bell of our life time.  I have two iPods, one iTouch, a Macbook pro and will soon get my second iPhone!  He put the world of my music in my pocket!  Thanks for all you gave us....Rest in Peace.
Steve Jobs have been one the most inspiring person I have known in the world  and inspiration have kept going with me in order to be a better professional and a better person.  My condolences go to Steve's family, friends, and to apple.  We are going to miss you forever Steve.
My deepest condolences to Steve job's family and his colleagues and  coworkers at the apple family. My prayers and my six year old son's go  to Steve and his great and bigger than life soul.
Steve,   Thank you for changing our lives..you surely be missed!                    REST IN PEACE.
I felt his passion through his products, though he never personally interacted with me, he knew what I and millions of others craved.   I feel privileged to have be around in his lifetime.  Rest in peace Steve.
May he rest in peace. He was truely a genius in the Apple company. My sympathy goes to all of  his loved ones.
A man who has made a revolution the computer world has left. A true inspiration and mentor for many people, including me.  Today the world has lost one great visionary. I wish he'll be remembered though history, with the respect he deserves.  My condolences to everyone.
You will be remembered and greatly missed.
We just lost a giant, a visionary, a maker. I doubt any of us will live  to see another, but as promised, he changed the world for the better. I wish his family well; many are mourning and remembering right now.
There no words for this lose, i've been a fan of apple who is Steve jobs for  a few years. Reading about his past, how he got to where he was is inspiring. I loved hearing his interviews his insight and just hearing him talk. He brought so much to this world and will miss him, every time i hold my iPhone or a Mac its his legacy that im holding. There are no words that i can say to the family, but i cry with them and my prayers go out to them that the Lord may give you strength.
Although I never had the pleasure of meeting steve I feel truly sorry to hear of his passing. It is a reminder to us all how fragile life is, and that we must do everything in our power to make this life count. I truly believe that he did just that. I want to extend my deepest sympathy to all his family, friends, and everyone else that had the privilege of knowing him. I hope Mr. Jobs had a personal relationship with God, so that I might have the privilege of meeting him one day.
God Speed Steve!!!!  Thanks for your brilliance and sharing it with the  world!!
October 5, 2011  Our thoughts and prayers are with Mr. Jobs' family, friends, co-workers and company in this time of great sorrow. His presence will be missed in the days to come, but we know those who loved him will take comfort in realizing he is at peace and in no pain.  Should there be any service a stranger could offer, you have only to ask, as we would be happy to assist.
Thanks Steve, for all of your brilliant work, and visionary insights, into just what is possible through Imagination, and then making it a   reality!!
As we mourn the loss of our generations Edison my thoughts and prayers  go out to Steve's wife Laurene and his 4 children. Thank you Steve for  changing my life with your vision. Amy
Anyone who's ever used any apple product would never forget how inspiring and inviting his/her experience of using it has been, an ever lasting memory. For those of us in the creative world of design, Steve Jobs has and will always be an inspiring source. May his soul rest in peace.
The man who changed the face of the world. You will remembered forever.  Rest in Peace sir.
Steve,            RIP Steve. You will be missed by each and every gadget lover  all over the world. Thank you and love you for all you have given us.
If anyone takes the pioneer medal, it will be you. You had it all Steve, you had it by passion, ambition &amp; hope.
This is such a huge loss. As an Apple retail employee, I share the  sadness of all the ones that from the beginning knew that Apple was just  something else, created by a person with no mental boundaries. My  condolences go to his family, friends and all the ones that admired and  cared for him.
Steve, we needed you. You inspire us, younger generation to be perfect in whatever profession we are. To bring forward our best, each time. Man, you were the best of best. You made sense in this world of so much non-sense, every product I've used from Apple, has brought joy to me and my family, we all are a great fan of you. Rest in peace and be sure to come back again, after enough rest. Apple engineers and employees, please do not let Steve's vision tarnish in future.  God bless greatest soul on earth!
My prayers and thoughts go with Steve's Family. I hope God gives them patience on such a day. They have lost a wonderful man with great vision. He will be always remembered.
I bought my first iMac two years ago and it opened up a universe of   new possibilities in the projects I want to accomplish.  I admire the   beauty and elegance of Apple products and how they merge with function   as ONE.  Steve's ideas changed the world, changed what we thought was   possible.   I feel a sense of loss in "the world" now that you are not   on earth any longer.  Thank you for everything.  We will miss you,   greatly.
The Apple finally fell from the tree. Steve Jobs opened, re-opened, and redefined doors of technology. Creating gadgets to make the human life a simpler  place. To think he was a year younger then my father, brought me to tears. He was a great man and loved what he did. I hope his family feels joy for what he did in his life, not the sad ending. God bless His family and Steve Jobs may his soul finally be at peace. 1955-2011
It's even more depressing when you think that had he lived another 15-20  years; what else would of come out of his brilliant mind.  RIP Steve,  and thank you for the inspiration.
Steve Jobs was the man whom made the modern technology to the place  where it is today. Without Steve Jobs "smartphones" wouldn't have come so far. Without Steve Jobs "laptops" wouldn't be so fast, thin and look so unik. Without Steve Jobs there would be no tablets yet in the world. Steve Jobs gave just made the best of the best.And last but not least Steve Jobs was the greatest of the greatest persons on earth  What i would have wanted to say to you was that you was "The god of  modern technology and if we didn't have you the world would look  different".  May you Rest In Peace after a successful life full of given to others  you didn't even know.
You are the greatest man ever. You changed the whole world. We love you  Steve Jobs and won't forget what you have done for us !!
Thank you for your incredible genius. Thank you for always supporting us through thick and thin ( even responding to my emails and input!-who knew ). Thank you for vision, belief in the why not and being the pirate instead of the navy. Here's to you, Crazy One. You changed the world.
The world is not going to be the same without you.  Goodbye Steve.
You were simply a genius. Thank you for your legacy. We will miss you Steve.
I am a certified Apple Addict! Thank you, Steve, for creating such  wonderful, innovative products. You will be missed.
Dear Steve,   You have been an inspiration to us all. May you be as luminary in your next life as you have been in this.   Condolences to the family. May you find solace in knowing that Steve was beloved.
Dear Steve Jobs,  You are the most amazing and creative person in the world. You produce such a smart phone to made a change in our daily life.  I'm sad to heard that you are gone but I know this will do you good by not continue to suffer from your illness. May god be with you and rest in peace. I will always remember you and love you as always.
steve was the guy that made viruses a thing of the past in our home we all will miss you bro
Steve,  Although I didn't quite realize it at the time, I have been a fan of yours since 1980 when I sat down at my first apple computer in 3rd grade to use the "Turtle Draw" program. Today I am an illustrator and compositor, still drawing on my computer, a Mac Pro. You are a personal hero of mine. Your exuberance for life and the design you and your great team at Apple put into your tools and products have enriched my life in so many ways. You will be greatly missed.  Though I never met you I considered you a friend.
Steve Jobs left his mark across the globe. My condolences to his family,  friends, and supporters.
R.I.P. Steve Jobs Your vision, innovation, ethics and tenacity have inspired me as long as I have known of you.  Condolences to his family.
All I have to say is today we lost a man who helped shape the human life more so than almost anyone in recent history. His contributions to modern society will remain unequaled in my mind and minds of many others. I want to send  my condolences to the Jobs family, the Apple family, and all those families  whose lives this man had touched.  The scope and scale of this man will not  be reproduced, and those who will come close will do so inspired by him. Rest in peace, Steve.
My condolences to the Jobs family. Steve Jobs was by far and  away my idol, and if I could one day affect the people in my life in  HALF the ways that he affected THE WORLD, I would be lucky. I always  viewed Mr. Jobs as a person who not only worked incredibly hard at his  job, but loved it. From what I could tell, giving up his position was  something that he would not have chosen to do if he had the option. I'm  a fifteen year old girl, and I really don't have any idea what I want to  do with my life, but I would hope to one day grow up to be as dedicated  as Mr. Jobs. I can say that the world has a lost someone who cared about  the consumer, which I believe is a rare thing in the corporate world.
We have lost a Genie in IT World! I remember him forever.....
My first Mac was a Mac SE.  I've been in love ever since. Thank you for sharing your vision!
The man that changed the world with his vision. RIP-Steve Jobs
just arrived in office and opened the Apple web site like every morning...my day will be very sad knowing that one of the most representative human being of the Planet is not more with
thank you for sharing your gifts May you rest in peace. God Bless you  and much sympathy to your family and friends and all your Apple family.
What a legacy he leaves behind!  My deepest condolences to his family and fr iends...and to all the Apple fans in the world.
And thank you for being such an exceptional human being who showed through his entire life what it means to develop his full potential. He was one of the reasons I studied IT and I'm grateful for having shared with my family not only the iPod, iPhone or iPad but his messages on video. His legacy will live forever because he truly changed our lives and made a positive impact in the way technology can help us be better people.     Steve, thanks for helping the world being a better place to live and giving mankind useful and lovable tools. We all love you for that.     My condolences for Steve's family.     So long, Steve, you were a role model and an exceptional human being.
Shock an despair...I am so sad for his family and friends who suffer a  great loss.  Thanks to him, my 3 year old Chase has been mentally  stimulated since 1 years old using an apple phone and enjoying simple  applications.  He has brought such joy and ease to our everyday life.   His brilliant insights and ability to transfer this to historic  technological advancements in communication, will forever live on and  impact the world.  Much love and courage to his family in this time of grief.  Stay strong.
I remember holding the iPhone in my hand for the first time in 2007 and thinking "This is it.  This is what we've been waiting for."   RIP Steven Jobs.  You changed all of our lives forever.
The first computer I ever bought was an Apple  which I still have in storage! I designed my first golf club with it and  went on to get it patented and sell many thousands of them. I have and  use many Apple products  everyday as I'm sure many people around the  world do. I'm sorry for the loss of Steve Jobs and my heart and prayers  go out to his family and friends. He will be forever remembered as an icon and one of the people that COULD...
Today we lost a great person. Of course he was a top innovator of our  time, but he was also a person. Everything he did he did not do for  himself but for his family and company. You never hear him in an  interview talking about himself, but about Apple.  He gave us things that today we cannot live without. As I'm writing this  I noticed that I am writing this to you on a MacBook Pro with the mail  app. I used the original iPod in 2001, I am an iPhone user and have been  for sometime, I have always wanted an iPad 2 but cant afford it yet,  (but will get it someday) haha. Apple has been a huge part of my life I  wouldnt be able to get through school without my MacBook Pro. So I would  just like to thank Steve and Apple for everything you've done for me  personally, the world would be a very different place if Apple didnt  exist.  Long live Steve.
I never knew Steve Jobs but he had a huge impact on me and my family. We bought our first Apple product, Apple IIE in 1985. We couldn't afford it, but we grabbed onto the future. I and two of my children directly built careers working on Macs. We've all enjoyed the ride and he'll be missed. What an amazing person! We'll never know how much.   Good luck to Apple.
He will be missed and always remembered he was a one of a kind man and  his mark on this world will never be forgotten and his influence has  touched countless people in so many ways Our thoughts and prayers are with his family
Rest in Peace, Steve. Thank you for everything you've provided to the World.  We are definitely better off thanks to your visions. You will be missed, but your legacy will always live on.
The world has lost an illustrious son.
When I was 12 my parents bought an Apple ][+.  He may be best known for Mac and iStuff, but that machine  changed my life.  Thank You, Steve.
My condolences go out to the family of Steve Jobs, to those who worked  with and for him, and to his many personal friends.  I thank our Creator  for this mans very existence.  He will be missed.
Apple and the world are going to by different, because you're Apple and Apple is  the world. We're never going to forget you. Rest in peace.
Hi,  I never had the chance to meet Steve Jobs in person, but the sudden realization that I never will just struck me down with the most indescribable sadness. His life was an inspiration to us all, a lesson on chasing our dreams (and catching them), a fire on the shadows of conformism, the proof that true innovation comes from following your own path.  Half the globe away, I found the foothold I needed in his words on Standford to stop wasting my time and start doing what I really wanted: build my own company.  We are still struggling, since dreams are like adventures, and have uncertain destinations. I have been developing for both Mac and iOS for the last few years, out of business and pure pleasure. I hope we can eventually succeed, but if we don't, at least it was worth it. Sometimes the journey alone is worth it, and Steve sure made the Apple road a sight worth seeing.  My condolences to all others, who just like me, have just lost their most beloved flesh and blood hero.
Thank you Steve for made my dreams true.
He's the reason I'm an Apple customer. You'll never be forgotten, and your legacy will live for years to come! The world will feel this loss.  RIP
Today is truly a sad day for all of humanity. Steve Jobs, the same man who dropped out of college, and was kicked out of the company he helped start at the young age of 21, ended up changing the world.  We remember many innovators for their one lasting legacy and innovation. However, Steve will be remembered for many. He gave us the gift of the first real personal computer, Pixar, the iPod, the iPhone, and the iPad. With these products he not only changed or started a new market, he changed society.   R.I.P. Steve Jobs  You will be deeply missed but Your lasting legacy will be remembered and admired for centuries.   Gutenberg, Shakespeare, Edison, Einstein...Jobs.
I am made extremely sad with the news of Steve Jobs' death. I hoped to someday work for Apple and be able to meet him in person. Now I can only hope to follow in his footsteps and bring his name honor. He was 1000 times the visionary any of us will ever be and he reinvented, redesigned, and redefined today's society. R.I.P. Steve Jobs...
I was once an aspiring writer and filmmaker, the products and software that Apple under Steve Jobs have produced have helped me continue to move forward with that aspiration to be, it's Steve Jobs passion that showed me I no longer have to aspire to be, but that I can simply be.  From the bottom of my heart, thank you.
I was just going through some article today of your passing and came across about your brilliant work with Pixar. I will be forever thankful of your creativeness and ingenuity for setting  a new standard on animated movies. My children for one are fond of pixar movies especially Monster Inc &amp; Toy Story among others. We will be forever grateful of the work that you have done. We're such a fan of Apple and  will always be reminded of your greatness everytime we look at the apple gadgets we have. You're a great genious and an inventor of the modern times. You will be forever miss and will be remembered. Thank you and may you rest in peace.
Steve was the best man in the world, he gave us a different vision of  the world and changed our lives. Steve will live forever in  our hearts.
My condolences to the Jobs family, and the Apple family.
History has achieved a new milestone, as the World has lost a genius.
upon hearing the news, my ten year old son asked with a worried look, "who will invent the ipads?" he has touched so many lives. our thoughts and prayers are with his family, his company and his fans.
A brilliant man, who will never been forgotten. Steve Jobs's legacy is certainly a gift to humanity. Game changer.
I am really sad, but also happy that maybe people will now understand what he help create.It is a strange mix of feelings.  Working at an Apple reseller in the early nineties was grim. Falling sales, old technology and knee-jerk responses to competitors products were the hallmarks of the Apple product line. There were gems in there, but the future looked bleak. The return of Steve Jobs to Apple marked an almost instant shift in the perception of the company by those who worked hard at selling the product.  I hope Mr. Jobs' passion, diligence and determination will continue through the company he helped create, save and make so prominent in western culture.  To Steve's family and friends, I hope his passing brought relief and closure.
Steve Jobs made my life better through his love of Apple, and it was because of his iMac  and Final Cut Pro that I have such a love for filmmaking. If every CEO were  like Steve Jobs, the world would be a better place and people would be inspired to live creatively every day. Thank you, and God bless your family, friends and everloving Apple family.
My generation has lost a brilliant and genius mind! Rest in Peace Steve Jobs, you will be missed.
The digital generation will truly miss you. Your revolutionary approaches taught us that dreams, if and when persuaded, are the essence of our existence.
My deepest condolences to the Jobs' family and to his closest friends. Steve  will forever live in all the people he's inspired with his brilliant creativity. He's inspired me to express my true creativity and not let anything in  life hold me back.
Deep sympathy to the family and loved ones of Steve Jobs.  An incredible  man to whom the world owes a great deal.  His achievements will never be  overlooked.
I didn't personally know Steve, but if my life could have only 1% of the  impact his has had on the world, I would be a fortunate human being. My life has been blessed by the gift he gave in his.
As a 63 year old retiree, I feel very blessed to have lived and witnessed the extraordinary era of Steve Jobs and his legacy at Apple Computer.  He had wisdom and vision that was unsurpassed, which touched people the world over.  The message he passed to the graduating class at Stanford University, "Find What You Love," was wonderful and inspiring.  And, it was just him.  Thank you Steve Jobs for all your gifts to us.  Not only a genius in the technoworld and business, but a wonderful human being.  God bless him as he rests in peace.
iSalute Steve. Few are the times the world experiences a loss like this.
We have lost a wonderful piece of our day! Thanks for the opportunity to say -- so sad!
Steve is a symbol of hope, a beacon of possibilities, one of my greatest idols. He will be greatly missed and his spirit will live through his words and actions forever.  R.I.P Steve, I miss you already.
To the Families of Mr. Jobs  Families both biological and corporate have suffered a tremendous loss in the passing of Mr. Jobs.  Visionaries and innovators such as Steve Jobs come few to a generation, and he will be dearly missed. That  the technical genius of Apple has improved human life, there can be no doubt.  Thank you for your tireless work and inspired genius.
He is the most amazing person which has really drive the most innovative technology into every human heart in the planet. I have always admired his high fighting spirit to deliver only the most innovative and best products to the whole people in the world. He is really a revolutionary person... Steve rest in peace , let your spirit and innovation be with us till the end of time...
Rest in peace Steve, you will be dearly missed and are a huge loss to society.
Dear all,  I believe everyone sees Apple as seeing Steve Jobs... we feel his spirits have built in with Apple and whenever we're using Apple, we acknowledge to his existence.  Love Steve Jobs Forever.
You were all what a human being should try to be... to have no limit in  his own capacity !!! Thanks for being
Don't cry, because Steve, now, is in a better place. Now he will create a new "cloud" with God. In every Apple in our hands, we, the world, will remembering you.
I'm so sad more than I could ever say.. Although my English is not good please receive my deeply meaning. I'm IPhone user and I'm very proud of Jobs. You make not only me new world and convenience life but also all over the people. Actually, I was hoping to get better your healthy but...........  With all due respect.. Jobs! I remember you. We remember you. I'll pray where you there in heaven. Good bye, bye Steve Jobs!
The world has lost a truly amazing person today. Words cannot express the loss, he was the mentor and friend I never met but felt close to in my heart.
There used to be time in my life where I felt lost, didn't know where to go and what to do in my life. That was the time before I knew about Steve Jobs. What he said in Stanford Commencement Speech 2005 gave me guidance and inspiration. The first iPhone I bought, the 3GS, inspired me. I had never seen something so amazing in my life. Steve Jobs have showed me that I can do great things if I love what I do.   Thank you, thank you, thank you, Steve!  To Steve's family, thank you, and be strong, and be proud. My prayer is with you.
Steve Jobs was a wonderful person and what a gift to this world.  Your products are so elegant and flawless and a bit of you is in each one.  Thank you God for this man, we wish he could have stayed with longer. Please take care of his wife and family and his wonderful Apple.
You changed my life style, have brought joy to me...Thank you, I'll miss you
My condolences to family , friends, and colleagues of Steve Jobs. I have been an Apple Computer user since the first Mac Plus desktop computer. Thank You Steve for your genius and for the amazing inventiveness that you have contributed to your company and to humanity, you have enriched my life.
My sincerest condolences to both his family and to his friends at Apple.  The world lost one of its shining lights today. He was a true visionary  in a world sorely lacking in them.
Wish there was a mega-Nobel for innovation that changed the world for   good. I'm grateful and proud I've been a Mac person since Day One:   1985, and never used another kind. "Insanely great. The future is you."
Steve Jobs, you gave me and countless others the tools to make our dreams and visions come true, all thanks to yours. A True Visionary.
He accomplished so many incredible feats.  Truly incredible.
We are sorry you have passed and that your time here to do the things you loved was cut short. Thank you for sharing all your creativity and generous imagination with all of us. So many of us have such good feelings from the things you did so well, it's all around us and it has helped millions to be more creative, more efficient, to have fun and always to learn. You inspire us and at the same time you gave us such practical and irresistible dreams.  So many people continue to stand on your shoulders, we created companies, you always made us want to be better..  Peace.
Steve you change this world forever.... Peace...
I was one of the people who appeared in the original batch of Switch ads, back in 2002. It was a different time for Apple than today. But  already, back then you could see this was a company in the midst of a  remarkable rebirth, thanks to the creative genius of Steve Jobs. I was  happy to lend a hand when I emailed Apple way-back-when, explaining why  I took a chance and bought that first iMac when I launched my new  company a year earlier. It wasn't just that Steve was the head of a  company that made great products that helped in my own personal rebirth,  building my business into what it is today. Steve set an example for so  many of us: the best way to give a damn about things that matter to you  deeply is to show it with great work that moves and inspires others.  Thank you, Steve. I'll keep giving a damn, putting my own dents in the  universe.
I am so sorry for hearing his leave. He gave us the great product like ipod and iphone. I wish the apple keep in mind of steve's things.
Since I started to use the apple products and follow them I wished to find Steve Jobs walking on street, take a photo with him and tell him how much I admire him...So sad that dream will never be real.
Although I never personally met Steve Jobs, I am sitting here tonight with tears since hearing the news.  I have been a dedicated Apple user for 15+ years and as a graphic and web designer, I cannot be more thankful and appreciative to what Steve, his team and everyone from Apple has done to make my job not only easier, but allow me to be faster and more creative.  From using Apple products to just simply visiting the Apple store, the geniuses makes the Apple experience innovative and a one of a kind experience.  A 'family' experience.  My condolences to his family, friends and co-workers.  Steve, you will be greatly missed and always remembered by millions.  Thank you and please be in peace.
Apple under the direction of Steve has been an inspiration for us all to  achieve the unachievable.  I  will never forget Steve and how he changed  the world.  You will be missed and thank you for what you have  accomplished.
Hello, I cannot begin to express how sad I am about Steve's passing. I somehow hoped he'd get back on his feet again and return to us, but it wasn't meant to be. From my 1984 Mac sitting in the corner of my room, waiting to play pong and solitaire, to my Powerbook Duo, to my PPC, my iBook and my current Macbook, these computers have all changed and enhanced my life so much and I am so grateful for Steve's vision and perseverance over the years. Steve Jobs changed the world and made my life so much better for having the ability to make the magic my Macs have made for me over the years. I will always love him. In my heart, he's still the boss and his spirit is still with us in every Mac and everything made on a Mac, like movies and comic books, and magazines, etc. I pray that Apple will keep his visions alive and the company on the same track with visionary products and the "Think Different" attitude that made Apple the great company its become.
All of us, users of Apple products, and also the few that do not have any of its products, share the same feeling as you guys do!  We are all thankful for what Steve and you have been offering to the world and for the new visions that you have been providing to it. Please make sure that you will continue to keep this outstanding work ongoing.
First and foremost, id like to wish my deepest and sincerest condolences  to the Jobs family.  I know what it is like to lose some so close to  you, and i hope that you find some happiness knowing that the world  loved Steve.  I never had the honor of meeting him, but i feel like i  knew him because of his amazing work.  Its amazing to know that he  leaves millions of tiny pieces of himself all over there world in all  the inventions he pioneered.
I hereby express my condolences for the passing of Steve Jobs. He shall be remembered both as the great mind and person that he was. May his vision and creations be his everlasting legacy to this world.  Rest in peace Steve Jobs.
Steve Jobs' vision enabled everyone to feel like we were actually in the future with such awesome devices.
Steve was my generations Einstein. My first computer experience was with an Apple 2 when I was in 6th grade in the tiny town of Mount Hope Kansas population 500. It ignited a burning desire that still burns today in me. You will be missed, but never forgotten. Thanks for being different, thank you for being amazing. Your genius was only surpassed by your grace, Gods speed mr Jobs...  Thank you seems so inadequate....
R.I.P. Mr. Jobs, you have done so much for the tech industry. You will truly be missed.
Steve Jobs, He gave us Lisa, NeXT, Pixar, Mac OSX, iMac, iPhone, iPad and that well  know startup sound "DUNG", just to name a few. This was a man who had a vision  of the future and acted on it, a man who saw what the world needed and gave it  to us, a man who I think wore a black turtleneck, blue jeans and new balance  sneakers everyday of his life. He is and his products will always be legend.  As a role model of mine, he will be missed.
“Steve leaves behind a company that only he could have built, and his spirit will forever be the foundation of Apple.”  I’ll go a step further and say that his spirit will forever be the foundation of many technologies and companies that exist today, exclusive of Apple.  Many of the products developed by competitors that we use today are as good as the are only because of the foresight and vision had by Steve.  We’ll miss Steve and all he did for our world.
Very sad when listening you go away, I am very impressive and graceful what you do for the world's IT. Your speech of "Find what you love" will permanently remain in my mind. Thank Steve, God along with you always.
Few times I've felt like this in my short life. Today humanity has lost  one of its geniuses, one of its heroes. Thank you Steve, I'll always  follow my heart. Thanks for everything. I wish I could have met you even  for a minute.
He will be missed by everyone!  I'm sending out prayers and warm thoughts to his family and friends, may you find peace in your next place, Steve!  Thank you for all the amazing ideas and products that you have given to us.
His genius changed the world.  My condolences to his family, the Apple family and his friends.   Truly heartbreaking news - few will ever be so missed.  The world will always be grateful for his life.
I want to make a record of my feelings to the family of Steve and the  whole  Apple's  family. The world certainly lost a great human being, a great genius, but his  legacy will be remembered for generations. I'll go on record my gratitude for all he did for society. A hug from Brazilian  admirer of his legacy.
If I could have only met this amazing man. His legacy will touch generations  to come.  The products have not only developed me professionally but even more so with the education of my children and the many more generations.
Steve, have a great passage. Thank you for updating our world. Apple friends, keep up the good work. I'm sorry for your loss.
I have been looking up to you and your creations since I was 5 years old. I am 24 today. My whole life has been built and shaped by machines that have come together from your visions. My professional life is only possible because of hardware and software that was once just a thought in your head and a vision for a better tomorrow. My personal life is more fun and enjoyable because of your want and need for a personal computer to be exactly that: personal.   I want to keep this short, as I cannot continue to write through the tears. There is no way to describe what impact you have had on my life, as someone that you've never met and will never know, but I thank you for everything that you have done.  Rest in Peace, Steve.  Thank you.
<div>Steve Jobs has changes the way I see tech products. The magnificent iOS is amazing. Its such a shock to know he has left us so soon. I can still remember him releasing iOS5 and iCloud this summer. I pay my tribute to Steve Jobs!</div>
I was introduced to the apple platform in 1989 a year after my son Alex was born. Apple has been the second most  impressionable experience of my life. My condolences to all those who Steve loved and held dear to his heart.  The world will miss you.
I plan on doing a full shut down of the 2 iPhone 4s, iPhone 3G, iPad 2, MacBook Air, and lastly the Mac Mini tonight in my house in a moment of silence for you. Will Apple ever be the same w/o you? I hope so. We can only wait and see. If they keep your memory strong we may end up with even more magical products!
Thank you for bringing us to a whole new world.
I am honored to be living in the same era as our modern day Leonardo da Vinci.  My daily use of various Apple products has profoundly changed the way I interact with the world. Steve's creative genius is legendary and I can one day look back on this time and say, I witnessed the creations of a true innovator.  Thank you Steve for leaving this earth a better place.
Wow! Just saw the news on Yahoo... Condolences to the Apple family and to his wife, Laurene...May this great mind rest in peace! He touched a lot of lives with his work!
I'm baffled and speechless upon hearing the loss a great visionary Steve  Jobs. All i can say is that Steve changed the way everyone does things  every where they live and work and he did it better than anyone else.  I  hope that his vision carries on at Apple so that people can live better  lives through products that the world needs not wants. My condolences  and blessings to all of Steve's family and friends.
There are a lot of firsts I remember in my life.  The first time I went on a picnic. The first time I got an A on a test. The first time I kissed a girl.  But nothing compares to the first time I picked up and listened to the iPod.  All in thanks to Mr. Jobs. Rest in peace.
Sin duda una gran perdida para mi. Como joven emprendedor siempre tuve como ejemplo su vida y su manera de trabajar y hacer las cosas. Hace 8 años que soy usuario y cliente FIEL de Apple en todos sus productos. Me conmueve mucho su muerte pero me ha dejado mucho ...  GRACIAS Y MIS MEJORES DESEOS DONDE QUIERA QUE ESTES.
Steve inspired a planet and left the world a better place. We remember  him well by emulating the best in his character.
Steve has brought happiness into so many of our lives. He started by showing us all it is ok to think differently. He then went further and showed us that to think different can bring ideas more wonderful than our wildest dreams. His legacy will live through us all as we continue to love and use the products he dreamed up throughout our daily lives. He will never be forgotten for he changed the world while he was living and the world will never be the same without him.
Steve Jobs was truly a man ahead of his times. He will be missed by  everyone whose lives he has had an impact on.
I just wanted you to have know that you were truly inspirational to me in so many ways other than technology. You were a revolutionary and pioneer and a marketing genius. Always a market leader an envied in he technology field. You were able to established one of the best brands on the planet and you are a true rags to riches success story. You moved millions of people and inspired an entire generation to do better than what is already out there now. RIP Steve Jobs.
Can't believe this actually happened. I thought that a genius like  Steve, a genius who created waves after waves of revolution, would also  be able to defeat the illness with his unprecedented talent. Guess I was  wrong. How I was wrong! But Steve, you know this in your heart: you are never alone no matter where you are. And  you do live forever, not just in the products that you created, but also  in the way how technology is supposed to serve life. I salute you, from  the deepest bottom of my heart. I salute you!
He will be missed, amazing life he lived.
Una gran pérdida para la industria de uno de los grandes Visionarios en el Mundo de la Computación...  Descanse en Paz...!!!
I honestly am going to miss the man.  He's created so many brilliant things!  Hope your looking down on us. Love- One of the many users of apple products.
I was saddened to learn of Steve's passing today.  I have been an Apple fan and user my whole life.  Steve was a visionary, developing user friendly high tech products.  I will miss him.  The world will miss him.  My prayers are with Steve and his family.
To all at Apple,  I may not have been a fan of Apple computer's and most of their products, but this was a truly great, innovative man who never gave up, even facing overwhelming odds.  For a man who continually reached for the stars his whole life, he finally got them.  God rest your soul, Steve.  You will be missed...
I am saddened by the loss of Steve Jobs. Please accept my sincerest condolences. - proud Apple Addict since 2001 (complete with Tangerine iMac)
I am very  sad  and I just want to send my condolences to all of you and let you know that Steve will be in our hearts forever and ever.  Thank you.
The greatness about Steve Jobs, is that he helped to transform science, arts and technology into products, give them lives and delivered them to us. R.I.P. Mr. Jobs.
He lives on in his products, in his company, and in the inspirational words he has given about the importance of following your passion. Great artists leave us their works, and in this way, live beyond their allotted years. Generations from now, his name will be mentioned with awe.
If I achieve but 1 percent of what Mr. Jobs has done in his life time I would consider myself a success. My condolences to his family and loved ones. He will be remembered.
I was saddened to hear that an icon of mine has passed away, however his brilliance and legacy can live on if we emulate and push ourselves to be better and do better.  I'll continue to "think different" because of Steve.  My condolences to the Jobs family, close friends, and the world.
I salute you for sharing your vision and creative genius to us. My family will remember you forever. Condolences to your family. May you rest in peace maestro.
Thank you Steve for making technology beautiful and fun. You are one of a kind and will always be remembered. Rest in peace.
He has been a great visionary and an amazing person. R.I.P
I was sad when I heard that Steve Jobs died. My idol is Steve Jobs, I want to be like him someday. Steve Jobs thanks for all you have been done on Apple . You are Greatest CEO of Apple.
While I never personally knew the guy, I have had the honor and privilege to work for the company that Steve Jobs has started, for a little under a year. Even though I have been with the company for a short time, I credit Apple with helping me become a better person not only professionally, but personally as well. The culture of the company Steve created allowed me to meet a wide range of amazing and inspirational people. Never have I been able to wake up and enjoy going to work every single day. You’re company has changed my life not only by the products that you have created, but by the people chosen to represent the brand. I will be forever grateful.  Thank you Mr. Jobs, the world has lost a hero.
Steve Jobs set out to change the world - and succeeded.
Steve Jobs changed the way we live. He drove the personal computer industry, allowing people to communicate with friends and family all over the world. He brought the iPad to the world; a magical device that can allow people with disabilities to communicate better. You have inspired many people, including myself, to create. The devices you have created have allowed filmmakers, programmers, photographers, and many others to express their ideas with the world. Not only have you changed the world for the better, but you have allowed others to do the same. For that and more, we thank you.  My deepest condolences go out to his family and friends.  You've inspired many, Steve, with your beliefs and ideas.  Consider the universe dinged.
I am beyond grief stricken. An incredible human being has passed on and all of my prayers and condolences go out to his family. We lost a legend today. He will never be forgotten and will live on in our hearts and in the magical things he created to enhance our lives.   The world is a better place having had his presence.   RIP
Hi Everyone,   I just learned that Steve Jobs passed away today peacefully. I don't know how I will survive. I really miss him. I feel hollow inside. I don't no what else to say except that I am very sad. He a great man and a very unique individual.
Steve Jobs you are one of if not the greatest innovator of our time. May  your creativity an imagination continue to live in Apple. Veni,vidi,  vici. You came, you saw, you conquered.
Who could have known or envisioned that Steve Jobs would/could create a product, a revolution, a new beginning...Rivaled only by the only other "Apple"....to touch history and humanity...So deeply..... Bless you Steve for sharing a bite of "Your Apple" and awakening Your Dream....... in all of us !
I was a copywriter for 20 yrs, always using Apple.  I continually explained to my now 17-year-old son how much better Apple was far easier to use and less restrictive.  Two Christmases ago, my son did the searching for my new laptop, and my Mom gave it to me for Christmas.  Come Boxing Day with his accumulated money gifts, my son took advantage of the sales.  His first purchase was an Apple laptop.  Once again, Mr. Jobs, thank you for vision and determination.  Hopefully, we'll met in your next incarnation.
Thanks, Steve. You changed my life in many positive ways. You will be missed.
I know that the world is a bit darker place now that Steve is gone.  I was just thinking what would happen when we lost Mr. Jobs and now I  hear that he died.  I look at what he did for Apple and the world with the things he helped  produce, he reinvented the world we live in time and time again from the  way we use computers, the was movies are made, to the way we interact  with music, movies, and so much more in the world today.  I hope that in the future we can still see the impact of all he had done  and be proud.
Thank you Steve for sharing your imagination, your expertise and your true genius with the world. You have changed the way we work, the way we play and the way we live. Your legend will live on through the products and innovations you helped create. You will be greatly a eternally missed.
Dear MRS steve:  I am deeply sad to hear the loss of your steve,My condolences to you and your family. Hope you can get over it soon.  I will remember  steve and the words he said.
Rest in Peace, Steve. Thank you for all these wonderful products.
I'm really sad.I didn't know him but he touched my life in more ways than one.
Hello Steve,  Just wanted to write this down pretending that you may read it, to thank you for giving me hope.  I once saw a video of one of your speeches at Stanford and I still remember some of the things you said, how everything we learn can be used even if what we are doing may seem unrelated, how perseverance and determination can make a person stand out from others, and how the love for something you do can bring a change in the life of millions of people. I appreciate your willingness to share your wisdom, and for letting me know that I may someday live the dreams I pursue.  Hoping we meet someday.
Steve,     We know you are just archived somewhere in the Time Machine.  Your thoughts and spirit will always be in the memory of Apple and us.
Very saddened to hear the loss of a great man it is amazing how much influence he had on people around the entire world... R.I.P. Mr. Jobs and thank you  for all that you have done you changed the world as we know it
Dream as if we would live forever, live as if we would die tomorrow, that's what I've learned from you.
Well I'm a PC guy who has slowly been converting somewhat to Apple products like my iPod touch, my shuffle and my iPhone. I would like to pass on my condolences to the Job's Family and all the Apple employees who will miss this great man and his vision and passion brought everything Apple to the fore front of computing with their products and excellent service. He was a class act guy in my opinion who will be missed by many... world wide!!
You are to me a leader of innovation, ingenuity, and most importantly of humanity.  I can not describe you in mere words because a man like you can only be  described in spirit.  My condolences to my fellow brothers and sisters for we have lost one of  the greatest family member today.
The Apple was the first computer system that I learned while in art school. I  never stopped loving them. I remember when I bought my first system-quadra  605, along with a keyboard and monitor. It got me through school.  He was an inspiration, genius and will always be loved and missed!!
Steve Jobs was a hero to my 12 year old son. My son used to watch all of his  keynotes on YouTube. A better hero you couldn't ask for.
You are an amazing man Steve Jobs.
Steve Jobs is a man that will always be remembered.  He started  an amazing company and shared with the world devices that exceeded the  expectations of consumers and really were 5 years ahead of the  competition.  He was a great man and everyone came to know and love him  for what he is and will forever be in our hearts.
Steve Jobs was a great leader, a good man! His memory will forever live on through his works and relationships.
May Steve's dream and legacy keep us company as the future continues to unfold!
The world has lost a great man today. He will forever be remembered as  an icon and a legend. RIP Steve, you were a great man and you have  changed the world. You have built the best company in the world and have  made Apple a phenomenon. You will truly be missed. October 5th should be  officially named as Steve Jobs Day.  RIP Steve Jobs.
I want to extend my prayers and sympathy to his wife and family. He left such an amazing legacy and was an amazing human.
Thank You for all the tireless hours building technology that we all treasure today! You are an absolute genius.
Dear Steve,  You will stay the best visionary and creative genius forever. Thanks for  all you did.
Merci Mister Jobs.
Hello:           Maybe you don't know me, but Mr Jobs really is the world made a contribution. He has changed our lives, changing our world, only this and offer our profound condolences, open a webpage, heard the news like a bolt from the blue. Have a safe trip home.
I've never met Mr. Jobs directly, but I've read so much about him and seen his videos, following news about him and Apple. Though he's somewhere out there faraway, he touched my life. Through his innovations, his thoughts, he has changed the world I live in. It's very saddening hearing Mr. Jobs has passed away, but his legacy will live on and the world will always remember him. Farewell Mr. Steve Jobs, may your soul rest in peace.
I feel as if I've lost a close friend. One that I've never met, but was part of my life every day. Steve Jobs will live forever in the minds and hearts of any person who has been fortunate enough to have their life enriched by the products and ideas that he has put before us. His life has inspired millions and his memory will continue to do so.
We will always be yourfollowers and may you rest in peace in the Heaven .
My thoughts and prayers are with his family and Apple.  My condolences.  Rest in peace Steve Jobs.
It feels like the John Lennon of technology has passed away...
My deepest condolences to a genius and his family, so sad to have lost such an inspiring and inteligent human being. RIP Steve.
Apple,  Please send my regards to Steve Job's family, friends and colleagues. Here in the Philippines, we were a late bloomer in terms of Apple products. But since having a Macbook, original Iphone, Iphone 3GS and iPhone 4, it changed the way we live our lives. Again, my deepest condolences to one of the GREATEST MINDS in HISTORY
I am sixteen years old and a definite Apple enthusiast. Though I have not be en around to see Apple grow over the years, I consider Steve an inspiration f or everybody who wants to truly make a difference in the world in which we live. I believe his enthusiasm and inspiration will live well into the future  of Apple.
RIP Steve jobs and thank you for your vision and amazing team at Apple.
I never met or saw steve in person   i wish I had a chance to   I loved his passion and his contributions to the world  I only wish that the people he left behind in Apple will follow his foot steps he left some big shoes to fill   Good Bye Steve   you are a man who changed our world   may you rest in peace.
Steve was one of the best of his generation. He will be missed not only by Apple but also America will miss his enthusiasm and the products that he so well made.
It feels like John Lennon just died again.
You have touched the world. I doubt we'll see someone of your ilk in this lifetime. Rest In Peace.
Steve jobs was the Walt Disney of my generation brought my imagination with iPod iPhone and all my Mac products. He was a great inventor but an even better man. I don't think anyone will ever invent so many things. R.I.P. Mr Jobs.
Mr. Jobs,     Thank you for your contributions to make this a better world for ALL of us.     All the best to his family.
For all the years I've worked on Apple products I've been aware that I have been privileged to use one of the greatest industrial designs ever achieved.  A constant source of excitement and pleasure from the sheer beauty of the way the software worked with the hardware and how they have both grown together over the years.  I'm sure that those of you who worked directly with him will feel his loss most. But how grand it must be to know that your work is beloved and relied upon around the world. And I'm sure that Apple will continue to grow in the years to come.  I'm grateful for what there has been and look forward to what comes next. A great man. And a great loss.  My thoughts are with all of you at Apple.
Thanks for everything you had created and inspirations. You'll always be living in my memory.
You are a visionary. You try to see good when things get scary. You speak with wisdom and grace. No matter what, there is no trace of arrogance on your face. You may not have noticed, but man, you can teach. And you certainly reached many people with your speech. You spoke of following dreams, of life and death situations. Some things may seem impossible. But all one needs is dedication. And what you said about connecting the dots I sure liked that a lot You give people hope. No matter how steep the slope. And that why we're gonna get up and go. We'll reach high. Because I hope you know that your stories of the past have touched the future and nobody lasts so people lets get out of this stupor and go. Thank you Steve Jobs, your wisdom will always be remembered.
I shall never forget what you did for this world.
We offer our most sincere condolences to Mr. Jobs' family. Steve Jobs is a great source of inspiration to all computer programmers and for all who love working and playing with computers. He is the true embodiment of the American passion for invention and innovation.
Thanks! it's all i have to say to Steve, thanks for change my life, thanks for teach us to think different, thanks for All.
Gracias Steve por tener la visión y capacidad para lograr posicionar aparatos tecnológicos que hace 20 años distaban de tener una solida base para instalarse en el mercado global.
Steve,  Thank you. You were willing to dare mighty things. I hope that one day I can thank you for the inspiration you've been to me as young entrepreneur. You will not be forgotten.
Thanks Steve Jobs for making the technology easy for everyone.
As an adopted child I struggled with issues of identity and self-worth. I learned while very young that Steve was adopted, and this led me to look to him as a role model, an inspiration that lead me to study business and strive to think different every single day.  Thank you Steve, I directly attribute my success to you.
I am simply a fan of Apple and, more importantly, Steve Jobs. His  passing is a crushing blow to countless millions of people. His passion  and creative genius made him more known, revered, and loved than many of  today's celebrities. I just wish to send my condolences to all those who  had the privilege of meeting, working, or sharing their lives with  Steve. The world is rocking on its heels.
Im a very young adult and without what you did, I would have  never have been even as close to where I am now.    THANK YOU STEVE JOBS
Thank you for making the world a better place, for advancing humanity.
As I sit here typing this I can't believe he is really gone.  Although, it was clear that the end was near;  there is no way to prepare for the loss of a man like Steve Jobs. His brilliance will always be remembered.  56 is far too young.   I am truly heartbroken. I thank Steve Jobs and the whole Apple family for bringing me so much happiness through your products and your vision.
You have inspired me as a business man to keep going and not do the status quo.   I'm happy to say I am one of the crazy ones....just like you.
I can say with all honesty that I would be doing NOTHING that I do today, with the ability I have to do it, with the human passion that it encourages, without the vision of Steve Jobs. I am at a loss beyond comprehension.
Dear Jobs Family and Apple Employees,  It is extremely sad and devastating to hear of Steve Job leaving the  world.  He changed the world in so many ways and I am certain he had much  more to give - and yet he passed away at age of only 56. Immense  accomplishments and an amazing human being. His 2005 Stanford speech is  still vivid in my memory and ringing in my ears. May his family be well  and his soul rest in peace. God bless him.
Thank you Steve.  I'm going to miss you.
I feared this day would come. I am filled with sadness.  I grew up using an Apple II gs Woz Edition. We had Apple II ce in  school.  The image writer II shook the table it was on when it printed. several  PowerBooks and MacMinis, MacPros, and iBooks laterE280A6  I now own an i5 MacBook Air, iPad 2, and iPod 4G.  I've owned just about  everything in between for the past 20 years.  Right after I received my MacBook Air, just this past month - I had  written directly to Steve telling him what a home run this Mac was.  I hope he, or someone- read it before he left us. If not; I still can  say this man has motivated me since 1984 as a seven-year-old child.  May Steven Paul Jobs rest in peace forever. Nobody has influenced me  more.
Never once have I used an iPhone or even held and iPod in my hands, and I'm confused to high heavens by Macs, but I have always admired Steve Jobs. He is a true technological innovator and someone who I aspire to be like. Steve has been an inspiration to even me, a 13 year-old PC for life.   Forever in our memories and hearts.  Thank you so much for everything, Mr. Jobs.
Thank you Steve for making it cool to be the geek, and giving the world that  other choice.  I know you are now looking down on the world from heaven, but your spirit will always be with us.  Thank you.
Just here to share my sorrow and send condolences  from me, my friends  and family from Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. We'll miss you Steve.
It is only those with exceptional talents that seem to die young.  To Steve's family, strength and joyous memories.
I was introduced to my first computer, and apple II when i was 12 years  old at my uncles house and have been a computer geek and mac lover ever  since.  I may not always agree with a policy or a plan but i cannot  dismiss how much change has transpired because of Steve's vision and  leadership.  He was an amazing man that is in short supply in this world  and his impact will be felt for generations to come.  I am truly sorry  for his families loss and for apple's loss.
Steve was an amazing person, a remarkable genius; the world will miss  him very much. Please follow with his invaluable legacy. Thanks all the joy and satisfaction that we get from the Apple products in our work and in the free time.
Steve, you will be missed.  But the world is a better place because of you and you will probably be thinking of ways to make heaven better.
Dear Steve,  I have been a fan since I purchased my first computer, a Mac SE in my graduate school days. You have inspired our generation to follow our dreams and to make a difference in our world. You showed me faith, passion, courage, resilience, and perseverance as you created magic again and again in your pursuits.  I will miss you immensely. Thank you Steve.
Steve Jobs was a great man. At the time of his death, neither him nor   us know exactly how his company will affect us in the future. One   thing is for sure though, and that is that Apple has changed the way   we listen to music, socialize, and stay connected through the world   while at home, in the car, or just any where out in this world. He   will be deeply missed, and condolences are sent out to his family and   friends. Rest In Peace, Steve.
Que feo es tener que decir adios, nunca olvidaré la primera vez que manejé una computadora de Apple y en cuanto ha beneficiado mi vida, Grande Jobs!
Although I'm sure many are writing similare-mails I want to remember  Steve not for the amazing products, culture, and company he created but  for showing the amazing capacity of what one person can do with their  life in a single lifetime, and in his case that life was cut short.  This should serve as an inspiration toall who have a dream, and want to  achieve it.I will miss that inspiration that came from him.
Thank you for your vision.  Taken too soon.
Steve Jobs will be missed by all. Deepest condolences to his family and friends. Steve is a great inspiration and motivation to me. He has accomplished so many things, a terrible loss.
Steve Jobs created a company that changed people's lives  and set the benchmark for design-led technology.  As a graphic designer who has used Apple products most of my working  life  it feels a bit like a death in the family.  I hope that Apple honour Steve by continuing to be the revolutionary  company he imagined  and the trusted partner to the creative community around the world
This world is ever changed for the better because you graced time - with all our love and gratitude.
Dear Apple,  Sorry to hear about Steve's sad demise. He was truly a visionary and was one of my role models.
I can't believe he is gone. He created and helped create so many things I use today years past RIP
Steve Jobs changed my life. There is rarely a moment in the day when I  am more than a few minutes away from a product that he was responsible  for conceiving, innovating or introducing from my Mac to my iPhone to my  iPad to my Apple TV and to the software that runs all of them. He has  improved the way I do my job, communicate with my friends and family,  produce my podcast, share my photos, listen to music and watch TV. I  will miss Steve Jobs greatly.
Your unparalleled vision will echo in eternity. Thank you for changing the world, and making it a better place. Thank you for putting smiles on millions  on faces. Thank you for being Steve Jobs. You will be missed.
Ever since I first opened the lid of an Apple IIe in the early 1980s, I have been a fan of Steve Jobs. May he now continue to guide the Apple computer company from Spirit, and may the execs now in charge of his legacy learn to listen for his guidance through their intuition.
I lost my HERO. Steve Jobs. He is an amazing, genius and professional. He is the Man. Who change the world of technology. Deep Condolance from me
The lump in my throat makes it impossible to swallow, just  as I believe  that such a remarkable spirt is really gone.  Steve until then!
Thank you for giving us all that you have. We will miss you a lot. I regret that I never had the pleasure of meeting you. Apple will always be the world’s most innovative company thanks to you.  Rest in Peace.
Godspeed Rest in Peace, Mr. Jobs.  You were an incredible person and an inspiration to many.  The world has lost you in a physical form, but you live on through all of your amazing technological advancements.  You will be dearly missed.
May your soul rest in peace... You will always be remembered as the father of new age technology...
He didn't know me. I didn't know him. But he spent his life relentlessly pursuing perfection so that my life was more highly designed. His products care most about people. May his imprint be eternal and, like him, may we all find ways to positively move this world forward.
I am deeply saddened by the passing of Steve Jobs. I have loved Apple's  products since my first introduction to the Macintosh Plus at the School  of Design at North Carolina State University in 1982. In Steve Job's  leadership at Apple, Next and Pixar, his dedication and insistence to  always do things the best way possible, and to produce the absolutely  best products possible stand out as a stellar achievement and a model  for others in all fields of endeavor. We will miss you, Steve.
Steve is one of those people who left a true impact on the earth. He changed many things; made the technology what it is today. I look up to Steve Jobs as a role model, with not just who he was, a major figure in Apple, but what he did - create incredible technology. Please bless him and may he be remembered forever.
Thanks Steve Jobs.  A great fish of the river. Your brilliance shall guide us through the dark ways of the unknown technology and your revolutionary work will never be forgotten...
Rest in Peace, our thoughts and prayers are out to Steve and his family.    Thank you for all you did, and your commitment to excellence.  The  world is absolutely a better place due to his ingenuity, leadership, and  innovation.
It is very hard to write this letter.  Everything what Steve Jobs was and what he did will keep inspiring all of us.
Ainda nao acredito!!! Nunca perdi ninguem da familia proximo a mim, mas com a  morte dele, que sensacao estranha! Perdemos uma pessoa extremamente inteligente! Fantastica! A Apple nunca mas sera a mesma, todos sabem! O mundo da tecnologia tambem nao. Nada! Impossivel acreditar... Sera que aconteceu mesmo?
Mycondolence to Steve Job's family.  Mr. Steve Job was a great man, he created an amazing company, Apple Inc.  May he rest in peace.
It was one of my dreams to meet Steve Jobs one day. But I guess his work will always be around to remind me of him and inspire me no end.  Rest in Peace Steve. The greatest and The Simplest visionary of our times.
Dear Steve-  Thanks for being awesome.
My sincerest condolences go out to Steve's family and friends. Steve Jobs   was an inspiration to me, he created a company like no other, one that   other manufacturers seriously envied. He put the smartphone on the map and   reinvented the MP3 player. A true genius and one that will always be   remembered and respected by me.  Rest In Peace Steve.
Today is a very sad day because we've lost one of the most creative minds of our time. Steve Jobs gave us all hope that if we had passion, drive, and curiosity everything was possible. Nobody will be able to replace Steve Jobs.  He will always be in my thoughts when I use my Mac, iPod, and iPhone, devices that only a genius could of thought of.  My thoughts and prayers go out to his family.  A big hug for everything that you did.
I'm twelve years old. The first time I actually heard of Steve Jobs was one year ago. It was when my dad showed me Steve Jobs' speech to the Stanford graduation class. I watched the speech and asked who that guy was. My dad replied, "Steve Jobs". At the time, I had just gotten my iPod Touch and absolutely worshiped it with all my life. When my dad replied that he was the founder of Apple, I screamed. I couldn't believe that I hadn't known this guy until now. Now that he has passed away, I think that this day will be one to go into the history books. "The Founding of Apple", the heading would say, and below that, "The Man Behind the Magic: Steve Jobs". This man will always be remembered for his great innovations.  RIP Steve Jobs.
I didn't always know about Steve Jobs, but once I did, there was no looking back. Even from afar his charisma, personality, and genius seem to consume you in awe. His contribution to technology past, present, and future is immeasurable and  he will be missed dearly. Best wishes for his family who has to live with the loss much more than we.I sincerely hope that Apple never forgets his "simple" touch. Continue to in spire and innovate, I'm sure that's what Steve would have wanted.  Thank you  Steve Jobs.
I must say. As a 14 year old boy, Steve was my hero. He convinced me to get majorly into computers. I idolized the turtle neck and jeans look. Steve was one of the few people I looked up to majorly. It comes to me with great sadness to find the news that he has died. During my school days, I would smuggle my iPod just to listen in on his key notes.   Thank you for your time
We are really sorry for the loss of a great man, and we hope the work he did in this world will continue, and so everything he did will continue and he, looking from the other world, will be happy that his effort wasn't done for nothing.
My apple devices will have a deep tie to the fallen innovator R.I.P.
My heart is saddened for the loss of this talented soul.
My condolences to all Apple and PIXAR staff, all Apple Fans and people like me who had been inspired by Steve to live with no regrets.
Our deepest condolences to all at Apple and to the Jobs family. He was probably the greatest entrepreneur of the last century. He changed us all.
Perhaps my grief over the loss of Steve Jobs is a bit selfish. Being that I am realizing that the time is past of the possibility that I could thank him personally for the inspiration he has given me over my life. If you're out there surfing the infinite and manage to hear, "Thank YOU".
Rest in peace.  Thoughts and prayers to the family and friends and all the lives that he touched.  The world will miss Mr. Jobs' creativity.
Hello Steve,  I always regard you as my mentor. Thanks for all your wisdom and inspiration. I'll do my best to make this world a little better in my own capacity.  Godspeed Steve.   Thanks for everything.
As one who recently purchased a Macbook Pro, I never cease to be amazed  by all the unique things this computer can do - kind of like if I can  think it my Pro can likely do it. Can't imagine how a human becomes  neurologically wired with the innovative mind that Steve Jobs employed.  Hopefully he would be pleased knowing that every Apple product in the  hands of someone doing good and trying to better the human race is an  extension of handiwork living on. You will be profoundly and sorely missed, Steve Jobs.
I still have my 128K mac.  Thanks for every new product since.
Steve Jobs to me was an American icon and a genius.  He absolutely  revolutionized America and all technology we use today.  The pure  existence of a personal computer can be attributed to Steve Jobs.   Everything Steve Jobs and Apple created revolutionized technology and  the way society functions on a day to day basis.   Steve Jobs was an  American Icon and his legacy will always live on.  Steve Jobs was a  genius, a visionary, a legend.
Thank you for founding such an amazing company!  Thank you for creating such innovative products that were not only  practical but beautiful and sexy and we all wanted to be seen carrying  them. I remember when I got my first Mac, my first iPod, my first iPhone, my  first iPad. I had such excitement, such anticipation to get my hands on  them. You changed the way we looked at those products. They were not  just a computer, just a phone, or just a music player. They were part of  us, part of our identity and you were in all of them. A piece of you  stayed with those products. They were your ideas, your dreams come true.  Your passion was what made those products amazing. Your dedication to  the company is what made it so successful. Your legacy will live on and Apple will be remembered as the greatest  company that was made successful by the greatest person and CEO an  american company has ever seen.  Nothing of course will ever be the same. I'm just glad that I was part  of it while you were still there overseeing every detail. You made me a  Apple fan. An Apple fan I will forever remain. I'm so sorry to see you go. You were not done. I'm sure you had many  great ideas to come. I wish you would've stayed longer. To your family I give my deepest condolences, for you were more than  just an icon to them. May your soul rest in peace. You will be forever  remember by all of us who love Apple.
Steve Jobs was more than the creator of apple for me he was a  inspiration to make technological advances in life.  He is my idol. I've  always bought the products he has made He was the reason why I love  computers and technology!  He will always be in my heart as a incredible  person who has done magnificent things in life.  But with his death has  motivated me to become like him and make products better than ever!   	RIP Steve Jobs You will always be remembered  	Hope to be like you one day and plan on it.
Thank you very much for all the products. Thank you for the Macintosh, iPod, iPhone and iPad. Thanks to you I started my career as an iPhone developer.  May your soul rest in peace. My deep condolences. The world will remember you.
I feel like a thank you is in order... especially one "sent from my iPhone." thanks steve.
We all wish for greatness but few achieve it. You did and are the   reason I fell in love with Apple. I will be praying for your family   and loved ones. RIP
I was born in 2001. Then, on 2004, i tried out the old macintosh pro II. After, in 2007, I had my own iPod touch, now, in 2010, I have my own iPad, now,  2011, i have an ipod touch 4. I will miss steve jobs and his wonderful ideas that made Apple Inc. A success!
I never met Steve but I have owned Apple products since I bought my first Apple II.I've had and loved them all. Steve revolutionized computing, music, phones, digital capture and digital cinema cameras. Thanks for all you have given to me, my family, my life, my work and the world. The world was, is and will be a better place because of Steve Jobs. My heart goes out to his wife and children in this time of sadness.You were a true genius. Thanks!
Although you are probably receiving A TON of emails, I would like to say sorry for the loss, and that Steve built an amazing foundation for the modern world. I have never had the pleasure of meeting him, be it that I am only fourteen, but I am truly sorry about the loss.
Dear Steve,  You are a shining star forever in our lives.  You have given so  much to the world. God truly knows.  A special place awaits for you for a job well done!
It's truly a sad day for mankind.  My first computer was an Apple IIE.  Perhaps, my last computer will also be an Apple as well.  Something so complicated, was presented to us in such a simple way.  That is Steve Jobs.
Gracias por todas las cosas que nos has dado. Sin ti la informatica no hubiera sido jamas lo que es hoy en dia. Hasta pronto Steve!  Thank you, thank you for everything you gave us. Without you the  computer, as we know it today would not have been possible.See you soon Steve!
R.I.P Steve Jobs. Thanks for Apple. Would be lost without it.
I am deeply appreciative of the profound effect Steve Jobs has had on the world in such a variety of areas. Many will try, likely through Steve's own inspiration, but none will replace him.  I am most saddened for the Jobs family and wish them peace and comfort in their loss.  Having lost my own incredible mother only a short time ago, I know well how they must feel.  My sincerest wishes.
The world is a better place because Steve has gone through it.  Heroes are never forgotten, this is why you will be eternal for us.
A legend has passed away, we will miss him a lot a lot, dear Jobs...you  have upgraded the world with some series of revolutions. Thanks and may  the God bless you.
Growing up in Silicon Valley, I had the fortune of seeing the computing industry develop.  I touched my 1st keyboard at 8-years old in 1972 and fell in love with computers.  It was such an exciting time to see all the players, especially Apple battle it out and make their own unique products.  You were such a tremendous influence to all of us in the computing industry.   We owe you for the inspiration that drives us all   We saw you through thick and thin but were always behind you.  You have touched us all.  We are all better people for having known you.  You stuck to your vision and did it your way.  I work in a IT Consulting Firm but am the consultant who get's all the Apple calls.   I will continue to be an Apple Evangellist as I truely believe in your vision. ﻿ May the Sun always warm your Face.  Aloha, Steve.
Mr Jobs has helped make lives much easier around the world. I can only thank  him, he will be missed!
I'm a small business owner, this business, my business is my life, doesn't matter if is computers or a small restaurant, a dream is a dream, a man without a dream is an empty shell, i respect you steve, respect what you did for all of us, God speed! i'm sure you are able to dream again in a different place or maybe doing it all over again, i wish that's what Heaven is or should be. See you again
First I would like to send my heartfelt condolences to Steve's family. He will be missed by so many. Steve touched so many lives with his creativity and his never give up attitude. Steve was a GREAT man!!!!
GOD Bless The great Man. You will live in our hearts forever and for the vision. RIP
Steve,   Rest in peace you talented man.  As someone once said, I never thought a company could be my soul mate.   Thank you for bringing that extra bit of light into our lives.
Thank you for all you've done and all that will happen thanks to you.
Dear Steve's family and friends,  Be comforted because he saw and planted a future that now is a reality for all of us.  He surely shared love of work, and appreciation of his talents - not letting them go dormant or rest in his laurels.  Like a sparrow, now gone, yet he will still be here inspiring others to share the goodness of these marvelous gadgets and software that he help perfect. Steve take with you our appreciation for a job well done.
It's amazing yet crazy to think that I'm typing this email on an invention by the man himself. I remember I got my first MacBook and absolutely could not return to a PC. He's an inspiration for future businessmen and women, future inventors and everyone. May he rest in piece.  Thank you Steve Jobs for this black illuminated keyboard, my anti-glare screen and the quality Apple provides.
Memory Eternal to all those who are close to him. He brought forth a revolution in technology and he will be remembered for it. May God Grant him Peace.
Dear Mrs. Jobs, his children, his friends and employees,  My sincere sympathy goes to you. When learning of Mr. Jobs passing, my heart  dropped to the floor. He made geek awesome and he made this world a better place. God bless him, God must of needed a iPad personally delivered, I will miss him.   God bless, with my deepest sympathy.
What a superb genius and an icon of business, productivity and creativity.  May he continue to inspire legions. His memories will outlive him.
Life is so beautiful and sometimes so sad. Thank you for all, Steve. You will be in my heart forever.
The world is a little less elegant tonight.   I only saw Steve in person once -- when the Apple II first came out.   It took a while for me to work my way to through the large crowd surrounding the small table with the Apple II on it (there were no crowds at any of the other display tables).   My condolences to his family.
Steve Jobs -Rest in Peace, there can be only one Steve Jobs....  RMM
Remember that inspiring speech in Standford? I can never forget your encouragement. It is the first time I yearned to be a leader of my own life. Thank you so much!
STEVE was the person that make see more than i could ever see in all my life, his passion , the ideas that gave to the world were unique, for him billions of persons will be happy for many years in the future, he make a company that change the way to do movies , he gave helped to make the atari ¡that was incredible!, i thanks to mac for the way you gave him the helped and the loved that he deserved, FOR EVER STEVE JOBS IN MY LIFE AND MANY OTHER PERSONS.
It is with much sadness that I send my condolences and prayers to the family, friends and loved ones of Steve Jobs. Please know that he will be missed and that his thumb print on the world's technology will be forever engraved!
What will the world of technology be like without this great legend, how will it function?? He built an empire this great only to leave it this soon. He will continue to live on within his creations. May god rest his soul in peace.  My deepest condolences to his wife and family.
I just wanted to relay my heartfelt condolences to the Apple Family and Steve's family. I grew up, having been born in 1973, using Apple II's in school, lusted after my Algebra teachers PowerBook, managed to save enough money to buy a used Apple IIc in college and continued to marvel at the innovation that poured from Steve's mind in the ensuing years. At least in my life, Steve has had a most profound influence, even without ever having met him personally. His artful works, at Apple as well as Pixar, have brightened my life and my family's life. Even my son, of 9 years, knew full well the impact of losing Steve today. Steve has left an indelible mark on history. We will miss him greatly.
The world lost a visionary and and icon today. Steve will surely be missed. He changed the world for the better and we all lost someone extremley special today.  RIP Steve.
Thank you for making life so much fun with all of our sleek iGadgets!!!!  iHEAVEN awaits you!!!!!!  Rest in Paradise!!!  Sent from my iPhone
I would like to thank Mr. Jobs for the fact that he has radically  changed my life and will do so.
Steve you didn't die. Look around, pieces of your spirit lives inside each of us The struggles of the ordinary person to become the rebel, the extraordinary leader lives on. Thank you for your exemplary life. Live on...
So shocked to hear that a legend has passed away. The man who built this great company with such dedication and spirit is no longer with us today but his work and great efforts will always stay. He will be missed.
May you rest in peace!      You've done an amazing job in your lifetime!
In remembrance of the visionary that was Steve Jobs...may his genius and tenacity in both business and his person be remembered. My thoughts are with his family and friends.
Even though I have never had the pleasure  of meeting Steve, it saddens me to think that a person who has contributed so much to the creation of products that has made the world a better place, products I enjoy and cherish and makes my life easier at work is gone.  Deepest sympathies to his family.
Sincere condolences - strangers like me feel like we knew Steve personally.  His dreams became part of our daily life.  May his memory be a blessing.
I can't live without iPhone and every time I use it I would be grateful   for your work. I will miss you and will tell my children what a legend you   have ever been.  Thank you, Steve Jobs.
You Will Be Missed...      	 I can't express how much of a role model Steve Jobs has been for me. Steve Jobs was and is a very inspirational guy. I LOVE all of his inventions. Without Steve Jobs I would not be able to lounge on my iPad, FaceTime with my iPhone, or send this email on my iMac. Steve Jobs you will be missed greatly and my prayers and condolances are sent out. Steve Jobs will always be remembered.
What a loss to the world!  Rest in peace Steve Jobs.  Heaven has a brighter star tonight.  We will miss you immeasurably. God bless your family.
Not only did working for Apple change my life personally by leading me to my soulmate everyone I worked with, internally &amp; externally, shaped my life. He lead an amazing company and pushed people to follow their dreams and be better people.   His friends and family are in my thoughts. R.I.P.
Very sad to hear that. The world has lost the spark to create innovative ways to do things better and easier!! Our condolences to the team amd family. Huge hugs from the middle of the world, Quito, Ecuador.. Hasta siempre Steve. .buen viaje!!
My thoughts and prayers go to Steve's family, may God bless his soul. Rest in peace.  You really brought magic to the way we work, play, and comunicate. You will be missed.
Although never met, I have enjoyed the happiness and convenience his Apple brings. And his courage inspired me. An Apple girl
The first computer I ever worked on was the first little, tiny  macintosh...and I was hooked.  Today I make my living working online as  a web designer &amp; have graduated to the biggest, baddest Mac on the  market.  Steve Jobs' commitment to style, simplicity, and functionality  was an inspiration, and it will be a long time before anyone can fill  those shoes.
I have believed in Apple Inc. and the brilliance of Steve Jobs from   the day i first landed on the shores of this country in 1991. He   embodied the spirit of America with: his courage, his optimism and his   perseverance. May his soul rest in piece, may his vision live on.
ONE MORE THING,  Mr. Jobs, your contribution in technology will remain remarkable  forever.
My name is megan and I am in the 8th grade. I have dyslexia. My school has been providing Macs since they came to be. I have a macbook pro and it is a vision. This man single handedly changed my life. God bless this man. The genius of the century.
You truly were a game changer. You took people with strong product  loyalty to your competitors, and made them a mac user. I'm converted  now, and I'm so sad it took me so long.  It's sad to lose a visionary just at the peak of everything. I'm sure  you already set Apple up for the next decade, because you were just that  innovative.  My condolences to your family, and to the rest of the world for losing  the great Mr. Jobs.
Steve jobs was the Thomas Eddison of our generation. A true visionary capable of driving innovation across a broad spectrum of industries, from computers to retail, Steve's abilities will be a huge loss to the world. His idea of how we should interact not only with our technology, but with society as a whole, was a brand in its own right and has changed how we all see and touch our world. Steve Jobs will be missed.
Steve's visions have changed the way we live, the way we will see the  world forever and I am eternally grateful. It was his speech at Stanford that inspired me and always inspires me  and reminds me to continue to do what I love and do all I can through my  company, to teach young people how it is do find out what you  love  and DO IT... As Steve said "Don't settle... have the courage to follow your heart  and intuition....your time is limited so don't waste it living someone  else's life.. Dont let the other voices drown out your own. Everything else is secondary.."
I am so saddened to hear of Steve's passing.  A true visionary, he will live on in our hearts and the technology that is so integral to our daily lives.  My thoughts and prayers are with his family.
i can't really add anything of substantive value other than to say what most other people have already offered.  certainly a great loss.  perhaps one of the most memorable and lasting impressions of him that i will have, though, is his stanford commencement address.  that was truly inspired and i know i will come back to it often when i need some perspective and inspiration. for me, his words may just affect me more than anything else.  WWSJD
Have fun up there in your iclouds! You have inspired and contributed a lot to the human race. All the best to all your loved ones.
JFK said "Some people see things as they are and ask why?  Other men dream of things that never where and ask Why Not?" No truer words represent such a person as Steve Jobs.  Our deepest sympathies and condolences go out to Steve's family, friends, colleagues and admirers.  A sad day indeed.
Dear Steve,  America and the World will miss you immensely.  Thank You for making my world work so Well.  Your inventions, are Miracles.     See you in the Clouds,
You changed the world. We'll miss you dearly. Thank you for inspiring so  many of us with your leadership and brilliant ideas.
Sadly he has physically left our presence, but he motivated us all and will never be forgotten.
Steve Jobs was the one I looked up to. He was my hero. He was a very  smart genius, but also a very important human being. Were all going to  miss Steve and always remember him in our hearts.
Honestly, I remember seeing the apple logo since I was three. My father and Mother owned an Apple-II in 1992. I never really got into Apple products until 200 when the first iPod was made. That was when I was immersed into the world of Apple and saw Steve's vision for what he wanted to achieve. I am a proud iMac owner and iPod user, and it's all thanks to Steve Jobs. May he be remembered in life always by his family, friends, and co-workers, and may he also be remembered as the man behind each product that touches the consumers.
Steve Jobs changed my life. Apple changed my life.
Can we imagine for a second that our Ipods and Macs never existed.. Its  hard to imagine isnt it? Each day I will look at my Mac and think of the  wonderful gifts that Steve Jobs has given to us.  RIP Steve Jobs, you will be missed dearly.
I honestly feel a little empty as I type this on my MacBook. He was a visionary and a great man. I'm truly sorry for his loss.
R.I.P. He is always in my memory!
I overheard someone mention his death in conversation and it was like hearing "Thomas Edison has died". Just about everything in my room that lights up has the Apple logo.
Thank you for a life well lived and for showing so many the endless possibilities of dreams becoming reality.  You will be missed.  Love, thoughts and prayers to your family left behind.
Thank You.  I started my software career, in high school on an Apple ][+, in 1980. I bought my first of dozen Macintoshes in 1984, and immediately coded on it. I actually worked for Apple's spin-off company Claris right out of college in 1988. I shipped a NeXTStep application in 1991, and was in NeXT's booth at a few Seybolds. I started developing iPhone apps in 2008.  I have a dogcow tattoo.  My family and I owe Steve and Apple a wonderfully fun, and exciting career developing for Apple products.  As Douglas Adams said "The Macintosh may only have 10% of the market, but it is clearly the top 10%."  RIP Mr. Jobs Nicely Done.
I am deeply saddened by the news of Mr. Jobs passing. My prayers are with his family.
My thoughts and prayers are with Steve's family!    May God cushion your hearts!!
Steve was an example of a true visionary and leader.  In school we learned about Edison and Einstein, yet with Steve Jobs we lived through innovation.  It was an honor and inspiration to have this genius make and change technological history in our lifetime.
My deepest condolences to the Jobs family, he will always be in our hearts.
Hi The loss of such a human being is a big one for the world.  Steve, we hope that your trip is as awesome as the amazing creations that you left us with! We will forever be amazed with your kind of imagination and creativity, you were a gift for us all! Our son, had an assignment from school in which he was supposed to pretend to be a person he admires... he chose you! He made a big poster with a computer and put his face through it and started talking about all the amazing things you had created... I just told him you died (he is 9) and he sat down and sobbed...We will miss you.
One of my best Memories was when I got my first computer it was an old Apple PowerPC, one of the best machines Ive ever owned and Thank You very Much Steve for creating a whole new generation of technology and dreams.
I was driving this evening on the way home listening to NPR when the broadcast was interrupted with the news of Steve's death. It came as a tremendous shock, I am still numb from the news.  I came to America in 1988.  Through the years I have been following Steve because of the inspiration and motivation he has provided in my personal life. I left Mechanical Engineering for the  computer world because of Steve.  I have now been in IT for 13 years.  He was the manifestation of courage in the Technology world. We have lost more than a leader, we have lost a true friend.
The technology world is at a standstill. Steve was the most innovative man ever  to exist. Sure it can be argued, but everyone has had the same opportunities. There were innovators and genuis' in every time frame of the world. Someone had to figure out how to stack the rocks at Stonehenge. Some one had to figure out how to build the great pyramids. And someone had to figure how to make our lives easier. Steve Jobs is in an elite group of humans. A man of his  stature doesn't come around too often. Once every hundred years I would guess. He has been a very important role in how we live today, I would have been  honored to know this man. After watching documentaries and reading what I can on him he had a love for what he did and that made him, "him".
Mr Jobs was a person that i looked up to. He was a great man. He was smart yet humble. He has inspired me to follow my dreams. He's the man! Thank you Mr Jobs for all you have given to this world. Now enjoy heaven. We miss you. Rest In Peace.
Thank you very much for your inspiring speeches. I got motivation from them. May your soul rest in peace. I will miss you!!!
Rest in peace Steve Jobs. I have known many who could not when they would, for they had not done it when they could...
Thank you for sharing your Brilliant mind with us all! You truly changed  the world for the better!
This is my generation's Kennedy/John Lennon moment. It is a loss to the  world but the legacy is formidable and lasting; few get the chance to  make such a difference and have their difference make such impact.
I want express deep sorrow.       At one point I counted, 3, number of my family, 4, number of Iphone and Ipad, at my house.     This world today has lost great man.  Even though, I live far east very far away from silicon valley, life of Steve gave great influence to all the people in the world.
You have put more than a ding in the universe, you have left a everlasting mark!
So sorry to hear about Steve Jobs as he was an amazing visionary and I had the highest respect for him.  I only buy Apple products and he will not be forgotten.
More then most losses from the list of extraordinary Change Agents, the loss of Steve Jobs is a massive void.  An icon has passed, yet the impact of this man's work and life will be witnessed forever. A sober and sad day!
Thank you Steve for your innovation and persistence over the years, you will go down in history as one of the modern world's true genius in design and marketing. I am truly saddened today to hear the inevitable news of his passing, may he rest in peace he certainly deserves it and my heart felt condolences to his family and friends.
as a big fan of apple,  as a big fan of steve,  i am buried in grief.   i will always remember him and what he have done for the world.    he will be living forever in everyone's mind.  rest in peace, steve.
Steve, you will never be forgotten. You have changed my life, and the  life of many others. You changed the way we think by thinking different  yourself. You have changed the universe and will never be forgotten.  	-An Apple, and Steve Jobs fan.
DEAR STEVE,  YOU'LL BE ALWAYS IN OUR MIND, FOREVER  &amp; EVER!   WE LOVE YOU!
Someone on NPR rightly called Steve the Thomas Edison of our age.  They  also said, he was unparalleled as an innovator and without peers. I certainly agree.  And there was something about his spirit, - the  playful, excitement that showed up when he launched his 'babies.'   An  amazing man. He is a model for how to imagine outside of the box every day,.... in so  many lovely ways.  He will be missed, as our world does not see the  brilliance of a creator shine so  brightly so unmistakably.
From a garage to the sky. Bye Steve, and thank you.
And in the end...the love you take...is equal to the love...you make.
Steve, you have inspired me to Think Different and be an individual with  a keen eye for success.  RIP to the one of a kind.
Thank you for everything, Mr. Jobs, you will be always the fount of our inspiration for keep searching a better world with inovations that can change lifes.
I'm a Mac guy and a better marketer because Steve Jobs worked his craft so well. Thanks for the lessons, Steve. You will surely be missed.
Thanks for everything Steve, you let us a better world! Good Bye dear Friend!
"Style is a simple way of saying complicated things"  Jean Cocteau. A true loss for this generation, Steve was that kind of man that was so conscious and aware of the world in which he lived that he could understand it and express it in simple and marvelous way. That kind of man it called a genius.  I send my thoughts and support to all the Jobs and Apple family.
You have made me who I am. I was born with a learning disability.I have huge issues with legible writing. my grammar is almost non existence. That was until I got my first iBook in 2001. It changed my life. I was able to write and read it over. My ideas became concrete on the page. But as I, and Apple evolved I became more creative. Programs like GarageBand, Keynote, iMovie became20 my voice and my vision.  I have been able to thrive in several different fields. I went from shy and scared to outgoing and a voice for others. 46rom presenting ideas with keynote to taking it online with iWeb. My  integrated ilife has allowed me to succeed.  If it wasn't for Steve Jobs and Apple  I would not be who I am today. Apple has transformed society, whether it be me  sitting at a local civic committee meeting, to a government minister with an iPad. Thank you Steve Jobs.
We offer our sincere condolences to his family and all the people in Apple. We admire his life, his innovative ideas and we enjoy using Apple products.  We will keep his spirit in our hearts.
Steve Jobs changed the world with his vision and passion, and was a legend in his own time.  His short life on this planet was a gift to all of mankind.     He will go down in history as one of the most brilliant geniuses of all time, and students will learn about him for generations to come.  He was a groundbreaker!  While his early death is a loss to us all, his spirit will live forever!
*THANKYOU STEVE :)*
Steve, Rest in Peace. You've changed my life, you are a legend.
I feel as though I lost a friend today even though I never met him. Without a doubt, Steve, you are responsible for the direction my life took. I'm sorry I never had the chance to say "Thank You" in person.  thank you!
I have been on Mac for three years, but an avid follower for five. Apple has changed my life. Steve jobs is a source of huge inspiration to me, for his perseverance, and his charisma. He built Apple out of nothing, running from his parents garage. Every single time he went up on stage, or released news, he did it in only a way Steve Jobs could do so. He was a great man, a great businessman and a person whom I would have given anything to simply shake his hand and say thank you.   My thoughts are with Steves family, friends and colleagues  Goodbye Steve. Thank you.
I send my condolences to steve and his family and everybody who knew him. i feel like i lost a close buddie. he changed technology forever.  R.I.P Steve Jobs we love you
His innovation in personal computer back the 1980s inspired me to embark onto a wonderful career in IT.  I can vividly remember when I started kindergarten in the fall of 1986, the Apple IIe was the first computer I ever saw in my life then.  Being a little boy with a strong curiosity like a cat really drove me to sneak over and press a key to see what happens next.  I even mistaken the monitor as a small ordinary TV.  Throughout my years in grade school, Apple Computers especially the Macintosh were my only favorite computers that I have depended on heavily on many occasions and I was heavily defending the Macworld side throughout the 1990s as a teenager.  Even when college required me to convert to PCs, I continue to remember and appreciate the legend that Apple Computers have done to inspire me to be one of many successful IT professionals to this day and I can only credit Steve Jobs for all the inspirations he had given me with his wonderful innovations in personal computers.
Steve, was one of the greatest thinkers ever he will always be  remembered by everyone as an inspiration. RIP Steve Jobs
Thank you for changing the world Steve, we will miss you.
I don't have any words, don't understand either why such a great man leaves this world so early. All my best to the future of Apple and strength for Tim Cook, I still love Apple like the first day. Thank you Steve, is all I can say right now.
To the Jobs Family and all of Apple,I am very sorry for your loss. The worldis definitely a better place for all thatMr. Jobsbrought to realization, not only for Apple but all of the industries that he was a part of and the other companiesthat hepushed/ challengedto be better than ordinary.
As I sit in my home office today, surrounded by Apple products big and  small, it makes me very sad to hear of Steve's passing. I am struck by  the many ways I've been able to express myself through your products . .  . I designed that artwork on an iMac . . . that blues song I wrote was  recorded in GarageBand . . . I sent that poem to my wife through  MacMail. Sure, I guess I could have done all those things without Apple.  But Steve's vision made creating those things more enjoyable.  Thanks for giving a way to express ourselves, Steve. You'll be missed.
And Steve Jobs' vision has enriched our lives in many more ways than we may ever know.
This is very sad news indeed. The world will deeply miss Steve. Even so, he will forever live in our hearts. Safe journey back. Wherever that is... R.I.P.
You were one of the most creative people to ever live. You made machines  so beautiful and useful. God bless your family.
Thank you Steve Jobs for the Apple technology...Rest in Peace.
You never showed any fear or doubt about your dreams and through it all you brought to the world your thoughts and creations.  Leaving us leaves a vacuum that can never be filled, but Creator/God needed you more than we did.  Enjoy your new life's journey.
I'm 38 and I'm based in Amsterdam, The Netherlands.  I was 13 when I first worked with an Apple macintosh. I designed pages for a magazine and printed out sheets of text, which I placed on papergrids for the printer.  Now I work at a printshop and design websites. I still work on an Apple.  Steve, thank you for giving me these tools, so I can make a living for myself, my partner and my kids.
Dear Jobs.  I live in South Korea, I have visual impairment.  Your more creative products help me to overcome my disability.  In Korea, students with disability be supported own university. But  if they graduate from university, they are not help anything. I graduate from university. I can't small size's text and books and unfortunately  I don't have any solution to overcome.   Steve! I remember you say "The ipad is my best". i agree!  Your amazing Ipad chage my life obviously! I can read book, and text.  i don't need to some zooming devices or copying paper devices.   Now, so many visual impairment people use iphone or ipad. You give  them some light!   We can't meet you agin, We remember and love forever.
Steve Jobs is the modern day Leonardo Da Vinci. He will be sorely missed by millions around the world.   Rest in peace, Mr. Jobs. You have touched us all immeasurably. Thank you for making the world a better place.
After years of the rise, fall, and the rebirth of Apple...Steve Jobs made the most undermentioned quote ever! "This is our Renaissance!" His revelation made during the opening of a post 2000 keynote will always be the most amazing thing he ever said. Besides his humanity that we all admire, he claimed a world wide win for a company called Apple. Cheers Steve!
Let today, October 5th for always be remembered as the Steve Jobs Day. I  praise the spirit of a man that changed the face of our generation. His  vision inspired us, motivated us, and enabled us to become the  generation we strive to become. Steve Jobs was a not only a pioneer, but a mentor to US: the youth of  today's world. To every son or daughter who yearned for a strong role  model we find it in him; a man that believed in us, a man who proved  nothing to be impossible. His legacy has forever changed the future of our wonderful world. He  leaves behind the platform for the unimaginable, the limitless, the true  inner creative potential of all human beings on this planet, and for  that and all else, we will forever be grateful to you.  Thank you, Steve!
i would like to thank steve for his speeches and creative thoughts he  inspired me..he made me believe in my powers i hope i can be half of you  steve. thank you for making apple :)
I can't stop crying over the sad news. I have always admired Steve Jobs. The world has lost one of the greats, but his creation will live on forever!  God bless!!
Steve,  Thanks for everything. You'll definitely be missed.   Apple For Life.
I would not be where I am and enjoy what I do if it had not been for  Steve Jobs.  His innovation and energy was a driving force to make Apple  what it is today.  Your genius was insurmountable and the world owes you  for your inventions and vision for the future.  There will never be  another Steve.  Thank You.
We have lost a very special person in the world!  May his spirit live on  for eternity.  He revolutionized the world and I am grateful for what he  has done! You will be missed Steve Jobs!
Steve Jobs was much more than a mere CEO of a company. He was an inventor, innovator and above all, a magnificent brain which has revolutionised this world with his creations. iPods, iPhones and iPads have changed the lifestyles of billions.  Only a few among us can do that and Steve with his very simple personality did that. With his death, not only Apple has lost its Chairman, the world has lost a magnificent, creative mind. I'm heart-broken... RIP Steve!
... mas no la inspiracion que nos ha legado.
To Steve's family, friends and colleagues, and all those who loved him,  please accept my deepest sympathies.  It's a sad sad day for the Apple  family today.
The industry has lost a tech god and mankind, a great soul. May God bless his soul and my prayers and thoughts are with his family. May his untimely passing sow the seeds of more Steve Jobs.    " A tiger dies and leaves its stripes, a man dies and leaves his name"
Steve Jobs was the best. He owned the best company in the world. I feel  sad for him and his family.
A Great Loss To Earth but a great gain to heaven.
In a world where entrepreneurs and CEOs are exorbitantly paid for low  performance and running their companies into the ground, Steve stood out  as a man who made excellence at Apple a contagious virus. His vision,  his encouragement of innovation throughout the company has spread that  delightful infection to everyone who has ever used an Apple product.
I am in shock.  What a great mind and visionary he was.  He will forever be in my thoughts.
How sad.   The world has lost a genius, who forever changed the way we  do things.  Lost but never forgotten.....
You are the Thomas Edison, the Leonardo Da Vinci and the Aristotle of  our time. Since I have been alive I've used apple products. It's for me  to even rap my mind around these events that just transpired. Rest in  peace Steve Jobs the legacy you have left is unbelievable, and in my  mind you will never be dead. My prayers go out to your family, and  everyone battling the awful disease of cancer. Rest in peace Steve Jobs.
Though I was not fortunate enough to know Steve, I was lucky enough to own his products. Though I am both technologically ignorant and not business-saavy, I recognized early on that Steve Jobs was the creative force and inspiring visionary behind the most elegant and user-friendly computers on earth. I became an Apple investor in 1997 and my very small investment grew to become the foundation of my retirement account. I thank Mr. Jobs and Apple for helping me that way! But most of all, tonight, on hearing this sad news, I offer my sincerest condolences to Steve's family and friends, and that includes the legions of loyal Apple employees. God Bless You Steve Jobs and God Speed.
I do not believe that is true. S.J is my idol with every aspects from life to work. I just think he leave apple to take a rest, and I am sure he need a rest. But,morning I am so crazy with the news S.J is go forever and I do not  have a chance to see him (not on the stage, just like an audience like ever yone who comes to see new apple presentations).Hope S.J rest in peace. You are always in my mind. The truly icon of new modern Americans.   Thank you so much. My english is not good. Hope reader understand and share my view.
For a man I never met, he sure has moved my life.
So young, so sad.  Thank you Steve Jobs for your genius in giving APPLE  to us -  a brilliant legacy, one which we enjoy every day.  Vale.
Steve Jobs was a great person and it's a huge loss for all of us... He changed the concept of technology and with charisma won the affection  of many users of Apple products and others that know him by best C.E.O EVER! R.I.P Steve Jobs We're going to miss you!
My condolences,  he was a great contribution to apple, 21st century  technology and our society. We will remember you.
Steve Jobs transformed the lives of so many, and indeed made the  social revolutions which are transforming the Middle East possible.  Without the iPhone Facebook would not exist.  He transformed how we  get music with the iPod. He has made the modern world, and it is too  tragic that he cannot live another 30 years to continue the work of  his creative genius and enjoy its achievements.  My thoughts are with his family. I feel a personal sense of loss.
I am profoundly sadden by the passing of such a visionary man who has touched so many lives.   My thoughts and prayers are with his family.
Steve Jobs has taught us one important lesson, the vision comes from the heart, from the heavens. Many battles fought just one important battle lost…..  I have thought about this many many times in the last months, I knew the end is unavoidable. Rest soft, rest in peace and most of all a heartfelt thanks for your vision, your passion and most of all for YOU.
just wanted to say so sorry for the loss of Steven! He really shaped our world we live in today. My deepest sympathies go out to his family.
Steve has been such a large part of our lives for many years now and he  will be sorely missed.  The world has just lost a true visionary.
Sincere, meaningful and forever cool.
The world has lost a visionary. Technology will never be the same without him, my condolences to his family. He will be sorely missed by the entire world.
Steve Jobs was a visionary who changed the shape of the world. The technologies that he has pioneered have not only led to new forms of media and entertainment -- they've also found use saving lives and spreading freedom. His loss is a loss to the world, and we will all miss him dearly. My thoughts also go to the members of his family and his friends, who have seen him taken away far too young. I hope that in time they will be able to take strength from his memory and follow in his path.
Sadly missed, thanks for the hope and aspiration.
I can still remember my first Mac in 1989 at Sprint, and I knew Macintosh was going to define technology. Steve Jobs you did that. We will remember you for years to come. You were a Genius. In the book of technology you are at the top.
If history misses men like Isaac Newton, Graham Bell, Galileu, Thomas Edison and Einstein, I'm certain that it'll remember and miss Steve Jobs Forever. "Stay Hungry. Stay foolish" Goodbye, Dear Steve. I'll miss you.
Steve Jobs was the quintessential example, living proof of the concept that "Inspiration is the Essence of Execution"     His inspirations resulted in great concepts which Apple manufactured or executed into fantastic products.     Competitors who look at the finished Apple product  and try and imitate will always fall short - because they simply never shared in the thought processes or inspirations that went into the products execution.     If he had been an Australian - he'd have been a Queenslander for sure - huge heart, indomitable, courageous, fearless to the end - a true winner.     I dip my head in deference to the man - my condolences to his family.
